      Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 1 of 112




                        IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT
                          FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS
                                   HOUSTON DIVISION

                                                          §
In re:                                                    §     Chapter 11
                                                          §
FIRST BRANDS GROUP, LLC, et al.,                          §     Case No. 25-90399 (CML)
                                                          §
                                                          §     (Jointly Administered)
                 Debtors.1                                §

                 DECLARATION OF CHARLES M. MOORE IN SUPPORT
               OF CONFIRMATION OF FBG DEBTORS’ CHAPTER 11 PLAN

                 I, Charles M. Moore, hereby declare under penalty of perjury pursuant to § 1746 of

title 28 of the United States Code, that the following is true and correct to the best of my

knowledge, information, and belief:

                 1.        I submit this declaration (the “Declaration”) in support of confirmation of

the Joint Chapter 11 Plan of First Brands Group, LLC and Certain Affiliated Debtors, dated

June 16, 2026 (Docket No. 3019) (including any exhibits, schedules, or supplements thereto and

as may be amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with

its terms, the “Plan”), including the agreements and other documents set forth in that certain Notice

of Filing of (I) Plan Supplement and (II) Liquidation Analysis (Docket No. 3046) (as may be

further amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the

Plan, the “Plan Supplement”), and final approval of the Disclosure Statement for Joint

Chapter 11 Plan of First Brands Group, LLC and Certain Affiliated Debtors (Docket No. 3020)




1
    A complete list of the Debtors in these chapter 11 cases may be obtained on the website of the Debtors’ claims
    and noticing agent at https://restructuring.ra.kroll.com/firstbrands. The Debtors’ service address for these chapter
    11 cases is 127 Public Square, Suite 5300, Cleveland, OH 44114.
       Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 2 of 112




(as may be amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time,

the “Disclosure Statement”).2

                  2.      This Declaration is based on my personal knowledge, education,

experience, and review of documents and other information relevant to my testimony. If called to

testify, I could and would testify competently to the matters set forth in my Declaration. My

compensation is not contingent upon or influenced by the substance of my testimony or the

outcome of the Plan or Disclosure Statement. I am authorized to submit this Declaration on behalf

of the FBG Debtors.3

I.       QUALIFICATIONS AND PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND

                  3.      I am a Managing Director at Alvarez & Marsal North America LLC

(“A&M”). On September 5, 2025, A&M was retained by the Company to, among other things,

assist with liquidity management and forecasting, identify cost-reduction opportunities, and

undertake contingency preparations for a potential chapter 11 filing. In September 2025 (as

applicable, the “Petition Date”), First Brands Group, LLC (“FBG”) and its affiliated debtors

(collectively, the “Debtors,” and together with the FBG Debtors’ non-debtor affiliates, “First

Brands” or the “Company”) each commenced with the Court a voluntary case under chapter 11

of title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”).

                  4.      On September 24, 2025, I was appointed as Chief Restructuring Officer of

First Brands Group, LLC and its Debtor affiliates. On October 13, 2025, I was appointed as

Interim Chief Executive Officer of each of (i) First Brands Group, LLC, (ii) First Brands Group



2
     Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Declaration shall have the meanings ascribed to such
     terms in the Plan, Disclosure Statement, DIP Order, and the Declaration of Charles M. Moore in Support of
     Debtors’ Chapter 11 Petitions (Docket No. 22), as applicable.
3
     “FBG Debtors” means, collectively, First Brands Group Holdings, LLC (“FBGH”), FBGH’s direct and indirect
     Debtor subsidiaries, and Viceroy Private Capital, LLC.



                                                        2
      Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 3 of 112




Intermediate, LLC, (iii) First Brands Group Holdings, LLC, and (iv) Viceroy Private Capital, LLC,

and certain other members of the A&M team were appointed as Co-Chief Restructuring Officers

of such entities. Additionally, on November 3, 2025, another member of the A&M team was

appointed as Chief Financial Officer of such entities. From the outset of A&M’s retention, we

have worked in coordination with the Debtors’ other advisors on numerous activities to support

the Debtors’ restructuring efforts. As a result of A&M’s work with the Debtors, their affiliates,

and the Debtors’ other advisors, I have become familiar with the Company’s day-to-day

operations, business and financial affairs, and the circumstances leading to the commencement of

these chapter 11 cases, as described in my declaration filed with the Court on September 29, 2025

(Docket No. 22).

               5.      I have over thirty years of experience providing turnaround consulting and

advisory services to organizations in a variety of industries. I received my bachelor’s degree and

MBA from Michigan State University. I am a Certified Public Accountant, a Certified Turnaround

Professional, and am certified in Financial Forensics. These certifications, together with my past

advisory engagements, provide me with substantial experience and training in analyzing financial

statements, including preparing, auditing, and evaluating financial statements in accordance with

generally accepted accounting principles.         In particular, through my Financial Forensics

certification, training, and over thirty years of professional experience, I have significant expertise

in identifying financial statement misstatements and in determining and quantifying the

adjustments necessary to correct misstated financial statements so that they may be accurately

analyzed. Prior to joining A&M, I was a Senior Managing Director at Conway MacKenzie, Inc.,

served as Chief Financial Officer for Horizon Technology Group (an automotive supplier), and

began my career in the Management Solutions & Services group at Deloitte & Touche LLP.




                                                  3
       Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 4 of 112




                  6.   I have substantial experience serving either in senior management positions

or as a restructuring advisor in large organizations and in assisting companies with stabilizing their

financial condition, analyzing their operations, and developing a business plan to accomplish

restructuring objectives. I am recognized for my work in the automotive industry and have advised

more than seventy-five (75) companies in the industry across all parts segments. I regularly advise

Tier I and Tier II automotive suppliers, as well as secured lenders and equity investors, on matters

such as liquidity management, cost reductions, mergers and acquisitions, negotiations with

customers and unions, and strategic planning. I have served as Chief Restructuring Officer for,

among others, Accuride Corporation, FirstEnergy Solutions, The Budd Company, Cynergy Data,

Inc., and National Real Estate Information Services, Inc.

II.     BACKGROUND

                  7.   In these chapter 11 cases, I have been personally involved in assisting the

Debtors in various aspects of their restructuring efforts. Between my roles advising the Company

as Managing Director at A&M and serving as the Company’s Interim Chief Executive Officer, I

have become very familiar with the Debtors’ assets and liabilities, books and records, and various

business lines.

                  8.   I have reviewed and am generally familiar with the terms and provisions of

the Disclosure Statement and the Plan, including the agreements and other documents set forth in

the Plan Supplement, and the requirements for confirmation of the Plan under section 1129 of the

Bankruptcy Code.

III.    DEVELOPMENT OF PLAN

                  9.   After securing $1.1 billion of new money DIP financing, the Debtors, with

the assistance of Lazard, launched a marketing process in January 2026 to sell all or substantially

all of their assets. However, due to ongoing liquidity challenges and an inability to raise new



                                                  4
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 5 of 112




financing, it became clear that consummating a whole-company sale of the Debtors’ businesses

was no longer feasible. Accordingly, in late January 2026, the Debtors announced they would

wind down certain of their unprofitable business units in chapter 11 while pursuing going-concern

sales of other businesses and certain targeted asset sales with the support of their original

equipment manufacturer customers (the “OEMs”), the Ad Hoc Group, the Creditors’ Committee,

and the ABL Secured Parties. Focused on identifying a path to an orderly wind down and

maximizing recoveries for all constituents, the Debtors engaged in initial discussions with the

OEMs, the Ad Hoc Group, the Creditors’ Committee, and the ABL Secured Parties.

              10.     On January 29, 2026, the Debtors initiated a consensual mediation process

overseen by the Honorable Judge Marvin Isgur to address, among other things, a resolution of the

chapter 11 cases. Following extensive mediation, the Debtors, Ad Hoc Group, and the Creditors’

Committee reached a settlement in principle regarding the terms of the orderly wind down of the

Debtors’ estates through a chapter 11 plan and the transactions contemplated thereunder. As

discussed in more detail below, the Plan Settlement forms the foundation of the Plan. Following

months of extensive negotiations with the Ad Hoc Group and Creditors’ Committee, and after

multiple hearings before the Court, the Debtors filed the Plan. The ABL Secured Parties

subsequently agreed to support the Plan.

              11.     I believe the Plan provides for the orderly wind down of the FBG Debtors’

estates and distributions to creditors in the most efficient, value maximizing, and expeditious

manner possible. Specifically, the Plan provides for a structure to (i) monetize all of the FBG

Debtors’ remaining assets and (ii) allocate recoveries on Estate Claims among creditors in

accordance with a waterfall agreed to among the FBG Debtors, Ad Hoc Group, and the Creditors’

Committee. Among other things, the Plan contemplates a series of transactions that provide for




                                               5
      Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 6 of 112




the transfer of the FBG Debtors’ assets to various trusts to be monetized for the benefit of the FBG

Debtors’ creditors based on their rights and remedies with respect to such assets.

IV.    SETTLEMENTS EMBODIED IN PLAN

               12.     There are two settlements—the Plan Settlement and the Preference

Settlement—embodied in the Plan, along with an Administrative Expense Claims Consent

Program (collectively, the “Settlements”). As set forth in more detail below, the Settlements are

fair and reasonable and in the best interests of the estates.

       A.      Plan Settlement

               13.     The Plan incorporates the Plan Settlement by and among the FBG Debtors,

the Ad Hoc Group, and the Creditors’ Committee. The compromises and settlements included in

the Plan Settlement are each (i) integrated with and dependent on all other compromises and

settlements contemplated in connection with the Plan and (ii) necessary and integral to the Plan.

The Plan Settlement includes, but is not limited to, the following terms:

                       a)      Enforcement of Remedies: The Plan Settlement incorporates a
                               consensual arrangement to permit the DIP Secured Parties to
                               accelerate the DIP Obligations and enforce remedies against the
                               FBG Debtors but without the costs, expenses, and risks of attendant
                               litigation relating thereto.

                       b)      Estate Claims Credit Bid Transaction: On the Confirmation Date or
                               as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable, the FBG Debtors will
                               sell the Litigation Trust Assets and such assets will transfer to and
                               vest in the Litigation Trust free and clear of all liens, claims,
                               encumbrances and interests.

                       c)      Litigation Trust Waterfall: A waterfall that allows junior creditors
                               of the FBG Debtors to participate in recoveries from the DIP
                               Secured Parties’ purchased assets (i.e., the Estate Claims), prior to
                               the satisfaction in full of the DIP A Claims and Roll-Up Claims.




                                                   6
Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 7 of 112




            d)    Committed Funding: The Litigation Trust will be funded with at
                  least $75 million to monetize the Litigation Trust Assets for the
                  benefit of creditors, which is comprised of (i) $25 million of cash
                  from the FBG Debtors’ balance sheet (from accounts holding the
                  DIP Lenders’ cash collateral), and (ii) $50 million of new
                  committed funding provided and backstopped by certain holders of
                  DIP A Claims.

            e)    Minority Governance Rights: The Litigation Trust will be governed
                  by an oversight committee, which will be initially comprised of four
                  (4) members, including three (3) members appointed by certain
                  members of the Ad Hoc Group and one (1) member appointed by
                  the Creditors’ Committee (the “UCC Member”). Certain sacred
                  right decisions will require the affirmative vote of the UCC
                  Member, as set forth in the Litigation Trust Agreement.

            f)    Expiration of Challenge Rights: The deadline to assert a Challenge
                  to the Debtors’ Stipulations or the Prepetition Secured Debt and
                  Prepetition Liens will be deemed to expire against the Creditors’
                  Committee and all other parties in interest upon the (i) establishment
                  of the Litigation Trust, (ii) consummation of the Estate Claims
                  Credit Bid Transaction, and (iii) funding of the Litigation Trust
                  Cash Funding to the Litigation Trust.

            g)    Claims Ombudsman: A Claims Ombudsman will be appointed on
                  the Confirmation Date (or as soon thereafter as reasonably
                  practicable), to serve as the holder of record of the Class 3(b)
                  Litigation Trust Interests, and will be responsible for reconciling all
                  Administrative Expense, Priority Tax, Other Priority, and General
                  Unsecured Claims.

            h)    Survival of Claims: The Remaining Lender Claims and ABL
                  Deficiency Claims against the Estates of the FBG Debtors are
                  preserved and may continue to be asserted against the Estates of the
                  applicable FBG Debtors.

            i)    Consolidation for Distribution Purposes: For administrative ease
                  and to avoid significant costs and time associated with reconciling
                  all of the FBG Debtors’ intercompany claims, each Class of Claims
                  and Interests shall be treated as against a single consolidated Estate,




                                     7
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 8 of 112




                              solely for the purpose of making distributions in accordance with
                              the Plan.

                       j)     Agreed Budget: The DIP Secured Parties’ consent to the continued
                              use of cash collateral pursuant to an agreed budget and a reduction
                              of the minimum liquidity covenant under the DIP Documents from
                              $50 million to $25 million.

                       k)     DIP Collateral Credit Bid Transaction: On the Confirmation Date or
                              as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable, the FBG Debtors will
                              sell the DIP Collateral Trust Assets and such assets will transfer to
                              and vest in the DIP Collateral Trust free and clear of all liens, claims,
                              encumbrances and interests. The DIP Collateral Trust will be
                              responsible for liquidating the DIP Collateral Trust Assets and
                              making distributions to the DIP Collateral Trust Beneficiaries.

                       l)     ABL Priority Collateral Foreclosure: On the Confirmation Date or
                              as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable, the ABL Secured
                              Parties will be deemed to have foreclosed on the ABL Collateral
                              Trust Assets, consisting of the ABL Priority Collateral, and such
                              assets will transfer to and vest in the ABL Collateral Trust free and
                              clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances and interests. The ABL
                              Collateral Trust will be responsible for liquidating the ABL
                              Collateral Trust Assets and making distributions to the ABL
                              Collateral Trust Beneficiaries.

                 14.   Additionally, as announced on the record at a hearing before the Court on

June 12, 2026, the Debtors, the ABL Parties, the Ad Hoc Group, and the Creditors’ Committee

reached an agreement on the FBG Debtors’ budget through the proposed confirmation hearing

(the “Confirmation Budget”), which agreement was incorporated into the Plan Settlement. The

Confirmation Budget provides the FBG Debtors with the requisite consent to utilize cash collateral

to fund the chapter 11 cases through confirmation. The funding sources for the Confirmation

Budget include OEM funding, $15 million of the ABL Secured Parties’ cash collateral, and freed

cash reserves.




                                                 8
      Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 9 of 112




               15.     With respect to consolidation for distribution purposes only, I believe that

calculating recoveries for creditors on a deconsolidated basis would be unduly time consuming

and costly. In the ordinary course operations of the FBG Debtors’ various business lines, the FBG

Debtors engaged in intercompany transactions with each other and with non-Debtor subsidiaries

and affiliates. It would be impracticable and unduly burdensome to validate the accuracy of the

FBG Debtors’ intercompany balances due to voluminous transactions that occurred. Further, to

calculate recoveries for creditors at each FBG Debtor, individual transactions would have to be

analyzed in the context of the specific business operating through each entity. The time and

expense this process would take would harm creditors by consuming valuable resources and

reducing value that would otherwise be distributable to creditors.

               16.     I understand this limited form of consolidation was agreed to with the

Creditors’ Committee and the Ad Hoc Group as a necessary component of the Plan

Settlement. Additionally, each of the FBG Debtors is jointly and severally liable under the DIP

Facility and certain Prepetition Secured Debt, and subject to liens in excess of $6.6 billion (plus

accrued and unpaid interest) in the aggregate (which exceeds the value of the underlying assets

secured thereby). The lenders under these debt facilities have liens on the FBG Debtors’ assets

that are senior in right and priority to the claims of general unsecured creditors (whether the FBG

Debtors’ estates are consolidated for distribution purposes or not). Further, pursuant to the Plan,

the DIP Secured Parties are permitting junior creditors to share in recoveries before the DIP A

Claims are repaid in full in cash. Thus, I believe the exercise of separating the assets and liabilities

of the FBG Debtors for purposes of distributions under the Plan is particularly unwarranted

here. Accordingly, consolidation for distribution purposes only is necessary and appropriate under

the circumstances.




                                                   9
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 10 of 112




               17.     The Plan Settlement is an essential component of the FBG Debtors’ Plan to

ensure a timely wind down of the FBG Debtors’ estates and to maximize recoveries for creditors,

including administrative, priority, and general unsecured creditors.

               18.     Absent entry into the Plan Settlement, the FBG Debtors would not be able

to confirm a chapter 11 plan and would be forced to convert their cases to chapter 7. I believe this

outcome would result in no recoveries for junior creditors compared to those under the Plan. Thus,

to maximize recoveries for creditors, the FBG Debtors require time and money, and the support of

key stakeholders, as contemplated under the Plan Settlement.

               19.     The Plan Settlement allows the FBG Debtors to avoid the substantial

litigation costs and risk associated with the DIP Secured Parties seeking relief from the automatic

stay to exercise remedies against their collateral and terminating the FBG Debtors’ consensual use

of cash collateral. Litigating these issues would deplete the FBG Debtors’ remaining resources,

and would leave insufficient funds to pursue an alternative transaction to maximize value for the

estates. There is a significant risk that the DIP Secured Parties would be granted relief from the

automatic stay and could foreclose on all DIP Collateral, including the FBG Debtors’ litigation

assets, which would allow the DIP Secured Parties to keep 100% of all litigation recoveries until

their DIP A Claims are paid in full in cash (with interest). I do not believe taking these risks is

warranted, especially after weighing the harm it would cause to all creditors against the benefits

provided under the Plan.

               20.     The Plan Settlement is the product of hard-fought negotiations between the

FBG Debtors, the Ad Hoc Group, and the Creditors’ Committee, each of which was represented

by independent, sophisticated counsel. The Parties exchanged numerous proposals and counter-

proposals over months as part of extensive mediation overseen by Judge Isgur and subsequent




                                                10
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 11 of 112




discussions, which ultimately led to the terms of both the Plan Settlement and the Plan. The FBG

Debtors’ efforts to negotiate and enter the Plan Settlement were at all times overseen and approved

by the independent Special Committee.

               21.     The Plan Settlement affords the FBG Debtors’ estates with numerous

benefits, including, reducing the minimum liquidity covenant under the DIP Documents from

$50 million to $25 million, consenting to the continued use of cash collateral pursuant to an agreed

budget, providing $75 million of funding to the Litigation Trust, and allowing holders of

Administrative Expense Claims, Priority Tax Claims, and Other Priority Claims to receive

distributions from the proceeds of the assets that will be transferred to the Litigation Trust before

DIP A Claims are paid in full in cash with interest.

               22.     I believe that the Plan Settlement serves the paramount interests of creditors

because, if approved, it will allow for the Estate Claims to be monetized and for junior creditors

to receive recoveries. Additionally, I believe the Plan Settlement is required to avoid the value-

destructive scenario of a chapter 7 liquidation. Without the approval of the Plan Settlement, the

FBG Debtors will be unable to secure the funding needed to monetize their remaining assets and

confirm a chapter 11 plan, and junior creditors likely will receive no recoveries.

               23.     In light of the foregoing, I believe that the Plan Settlement is fair,

reasonable, and in the best interest of the FBG Debtors and their estates.

       B.      Preference Settlement

               24.     Trade Creditors, Supply Chain Financers, and Factors will be afforded the

opportunity to participate in the Preference Settlement subject to the terms and procedures set forth

in the Plan. The Preference Settlement, including the terms thereof applicable to Trade Creditors,

Supply Chain Financers, and Factors, was critical to reaching an agreement with the Creditors’

Committee and the Ad Hoc Group on the terms of the broader Plan Settlement. I believe that the



                                                 11
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 12 of 112




Creditors’ Committee would not have agreed to support the Plan without the Preference

Settlement.

               25.     In connection with the Preference Settlement, eligible Trade Creditors that

elect to participate will be released from Preference Actions under the Plan and eligible Supply

Chain Financers and Factors that elect to participate will receive the benefit of certain procedures

with respect to Preference Actions asserted against them. In consideration for becoming a

Preference Settlement Electing Creditor, such creditors must (1) grant the third-party releases

under the Plan and (2) voluntarily contribute all of their direct (non-derivative) Claims against

non-Debtor parties (other than a Released Party) that relate to First Brands’ prepetition operations

to the Litigation Trust.

               26.     In addition to achieving the benefits of the Plan Settlement generally, I

believe the Preference Settlement affords the FBG Debtors’ estates with significant additional

benefits, such as (i) a global settlement with the Creditors’ Committee, and (ii) the contribution of

all Direct Creditor Claims held by the applicable Preference Settlement Electing Creditor, which

outweigh the releases and related concessions being granted by the FBG Debtors in connection

therewith. Further, I understand that the Preference Settlement only applies to Trade Creditors,

Factors, and Supply Chain Financers who (i) do not meet the definition of Adverse Conduct (which

includes, among other things, wrongful, actual, or constructively fraudulent conduct against any

Debtor or affiliate of any Debtor), (ii) are not included on the list of Specified Non-Released

Parties, and (iii) affirmatively opt-in to participate in the Preference Settlement.

               27.     In making these determinations with respect to Trade Creditors, my team

and I evaluated and considered, among other things, the aggregate transfers to Trade Creditors

during the preference period, potential defenses to Preference Actions that may be available to




                                                  12
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 13 of 112




Trade Creditors, and potential value received by the FBG Debtors’ estates from the transfer of

direct claims held by such creditors.

                28.    The FBG Debtors evaluated a similar set of factors to determine the

procedures for Supply Chain Financers and Factors under the Preference Settlement. In light of,

among other things, the aggregate amount of transfers to Supply Chain Financers and Factors

during the preference period and the merits of Preference Actions that may exist against such

creditors (and available defenses thereto), the FBG Debtors, the Creditors’ Committee, and the Ad

Hoc Group determined that Supply Chain Financers and Factors should be subject to a separate

and independent process with respect to any Preference Actions that may be asserted against them.

This process does not provide for the automatic release of Preference Actions against such

creditors but will allow such creditors to, among other things, meet and confer with the Litigation

Trustee and receive the benefit of the Modified New Value Elements in response to a Preference

Action asserted against them. The terms of the Preference Settlement applicable to the Supply

Chain Financers and Factors will ensure that material and potentially valuable Preference Actions

will not be released without due consideration and a commensurate benefit for the FBG Debtors

and their estates.

                29.    The terms of the Preference Settlement with respect to Supply Chain

Financers and Factors were a key focus of the FBG Debtors, the Creditors’ Committee, and the

Ad Hoc Group in their negotiations regarding the broader Plan Settlement. Specifically, each party

wanted to ensure that the Preference Settlement was structured in a manner that would not allow

potential “bad actors” to benefit from the Modified New Value Elements, but would allow

creditors of the FBG Debtors that acted in good faith, including those that made substantial

payments at the direction of the FBG Debtors, to participate in the Preference Settlement and




                                                13
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 14 of 112




benefit from the Modified New Value Elements. The terms of the Preference Settlement, as set

forth in the Plan, reflect the agreement struck by the Plan Settlement parties in light of these

considerations. Absent an agreement between these parties on the terms of the Preference

Settlement, the FBG Debtors likely would not have reached an agreement on the broader Plan

Settlement.

               30.     Further, I believe the benefits of the Preference Settlement with respect to

Supply Chain Financers and Factors outweigh the concessions being granted by the FBG Debtors

pursuant thereto. As previously noted, a Supply Chain Financer or Factor that determines to opt-

in to the Preference Settlement will grant the releases contained in Section 13.5(b) of the Plan and

contribute its Direct Creditor Claims to the Litigation Trust. In exchange, such Supply Chain

Financer or Factor will receive the benefit of the process and procedures provided for such

creditors under the Preference Settlement, including the opportunity to meet and confer with the

Litigation Trustee and the Modified New Value Elements, but will not receive an automatic release

of any Preference Actions that may exist against them. I, therefore, believe that the Preference

Settlement with respect to the Supply Chain Financers and Factors represents a fair and equitable

compromise.

               31.     In light of the foregoing, I believe the Preference Settlement represents a

sound exercise of the FBG Debtors’ business judgment and is fair, reasonable, and in the best

interest of the FBG Debtors and their estates.

       C.      Administrative Expense Claims Consent Program

               32.     In light of the amount of secured, administrative, and priority claims

asserted against the FBG Debtors’ estates, as well as the forecasted timeline for the FBG Debtors

to monetize and collect on their remaining assets (including significant litigation claims), I

anticipate that there will be an extended executory period between the Confirmation Date of the



                                                 14
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 15 of 112




Plan and the Effective Date of the Plan. Accordingly, to accelerate cash payments to consenting

holders of Allowed Administrative Expense Claims, the Plan provides the Administrative Expense

Claims Consent Program, by which holders of Administrative Expense Claims have the

opportunity to voluntarily participate in a settlement of their Administrative Expense Claim at a

reduced amount in exchange for receiving an earlier recovery under the Litigation Trust Waterfall.

               33.    If a holder of an Allowed Administrative Expense Claim chooses to

participate in the Administrative Expense Claims Consent Program, they will receive a Settled

Administrative Expense Claim in the amount equal to 50% of the Reconciled Amount identified

in the Consent Program Opt-In Form and will receive the distributions accorded under the

Litigation Trust Waterfall to holders of Settled Administrative Expense Claims.

               34.    As an incentive to participate in the Administrative Expense Claims

Consent Program, I understand that Settled Administrative Expense Claims will be satisfied in full

before any other Allowed Administrative Expense Claims. However, regardless of the degree of

holders’ participation in the Administrative Expense Claims Consent Program, I understand that

the Plan provides for the payment in full of all Allowed Administrative Expense Claims on or

before the Effective Date.

               35.    The Administrative Expense Claims Consent Program affords the FBG

Debtors’ estates with the significant benefit of consensually reducing the total aggregate

outstanding Administrative Expense Claims that must be paid in full in cash before the occurrence

of the Effective Date. I believe that the Administrative Expense Claims Consent Program serves

the interests of creditors because, if approved, it will accelerate the occurrence of the Effective

Date and distributions to junior creditors, and allow consenting Administrative Expense Claim

holders faster recoveries in exchange for accepting a reduced Administrative Expense Claim




                                                15
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 16 of 112




amount. Moreover, any holder of an Administrative Expense Claim who prefers to retain the entire

amount of their Administrative Expense Claim may do so by simply not opting into the program.

In light of the foregoing, I believe the Administrative Expense Claims Consent Program is fair,

reasonable, and in the best interest of the FBG Debtors and their estates.

V.     SALES EMBODIED IN PLAN

               36.     The Plan Settlement provides for (i) the sale of Litigation Trust Assets,

including Estate Claims, to the DIP Secured Parties (with such assets being contributed to the

Litigation Trust) and (ii) the sale of DIP Collateral to the DIP Secured Parties (with such assets

being contributed to the DIP Collateral Trust). The Estate Claims Credit Bid was subject to higher

and better bids resulting from an extensive marketing process. As discussed below, no higher or

better bids have materialized to date.

       A.      Estate Claims Credit Bid

               37.     The Debtors are conducting a marketing and sale process for the Litigation

Trust Assets, including the Estate Claims, to solicit potential higher or better bids for all Litigation

Trust Assets. I believe the Estate Claims Marketing Process permits an informed comparison of

the alternatives available to the Debtors’ estates and afforded any potentially interested party a full

and fair opportunity to submit offers for the Litigation Trust Assets.

               38.     The Estate Claims Marketing Process is a supplement to the broader Sale

Process (as defined below) that the Debtors initiated in January 2026, which included a sale of

certain of the Debtors’ businesses as going concerns. The Debtors launched the Estate Claims

Marketing Process on May 4, 2026.            In connection therewith, the Debtors, through their

professionals, identified twenty-six (26) financial and strategic parties as potentially interested in

acquiring the Estate Claims, including parties active in the litigation finance and claims acquisition

markets. On May 4, 2026, members of A&M conducted initial outreach to each of these twenty-



                                                  16
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 17 of 112




six (26) potential bidders and provided them with summary marketing materials (the “Initial

Marketing Materials”) describing the opportunity. The Initial Marketing Materials included,

among other things: (i) a summary of the Estate Claims to be sold, including the claims asserted

in the pending adversary proceedings against Patrick James and related parties and against Onset

Financial Inc. (“Onset”) and related parties, as well as avoidance actions, recovery actions, and

other estate claims and causes of action; (ii) a high level summary of the potential transfers at

issue, including more than $700 million in alleged transfers to Patrick James and related entities

and more than $2 billion in alleged fraudulent transfers in connection with purported sale-

leaseback transactions with Onset; (iii) the current status of the ongoing litigation; (iv) an overview

of these chapter 11 cases; and (v) the proposed procedures, bid requirements, and timeline for a

sale of the Estate Claims.

               39.     As part of this outreach, the Debtors offered each contacted party access to

a virtual data room containing diligence materials relevant to the Estate Claims, subject to the

execution of a non-disclosure agreement. The Debtors also offered to schedule meetings with the

Debtors’ litigation counsel and members of the A&M investigation team to provide interested

parties with a summary of the Estate Claims and a potential sale transaction, and to respond to

diligence inquiries.

               40.     In addition to this targeted outreach, the Debtors publicly disclosed the

Estate Claims Marketing Process in the Disclosure Statement. The Disclosure Statement describes

the Estate Claims Marketing Process in detail, annexes the Marketing Materials as Exhibit E

thereto, sets forth the requirements for a Qualified Bid, discloses the extension of the original

May 22, 2026 bid deadline, and provides the contact information for the A&M professionals

administering the process, inviting any party interested in submitting a bid to contact them directly.




                                                  17
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 18 of 112




The Disclosure Statement thus put all potentially interested parties—including parties beyond the

twenty-six (26) contacted directly—on notice that the Debtors were actively marketing the Estate

Claims and remained open to engaging with any bidder.

               41.     Following the Court’s conditional approval of the Disclosure Statement, on

June 12, 2026, A&M reached out again to each of the twenty-six (26) potential bidders to (i) update

them on the outcome of the hearings on the Disclosure Statement, including the Court’s conditional

approval of the Disclosure Statement, (ii) inform them that the Estate Claims Marketing Process

was being extended, and (iii) invite them to engage in further discussions with the Debtors and

their advisors regarding a potential transaction involving the Estate Claims.

               42.     Notwithstanding these efforts, to date, only two (2) of the twenty-six (26)

contacted parties have executed a non-disclosure agreement, and one of those parties declined to

pursue the opportunity shortly after executing the non-disclosure agreement and receiving initial

diligence information. The Debtors have offered to further extend the Estate Claims Marketing

Process for the two remaining parties in an effort to solicit an alternative offer, but no alternative

bid has been submitted to date. The Debtors have received no proposals from any third-party to

purchase the Estate Claims, and no party has indicated a willingness to provide cash consideration

for the Estate Claims or to provide litigation financing on terms alternative to, or more favorable

than, the financing contemplated by the Plan.

               43.     Based on the foregoing, and as of the date of this Declaration, there is no

indication that any third party is presently willing to acquire the Estate Claims in an amount

sufficient to satisfy the DIP A Claims and provide equal or greater value to the FBG Debtors’ other

constituents as compared to the treatment proposed under the Plan.




                                                 18
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 19 of 112




               44.     I believe that the Estate Claims Marketing Process was reasonable and

appropriate under the circumstances and that the Estate Claims Credit Bid represents the highest

or otherwise best offer for the Litigation Trust Assets.

       B.      DIP Collateral Credit Bid

               45.     Beginning on January 5, 2026, the Debtors and their advisors conducted a

marketing and sale process for all or a portion of the Debtors’ assets (the “Sale Process”). I

understand that, in total, over 400 potentially interested parties were contacted on behalf of the

Debtors to determine their interest in a potential sale transaction involving one or more of the

Debtors’ business units. As a result of that outreach, I understand that over 200 potential buyers

executed confidentiality agreements and received access to a virtual data room with technical,

commercial, and financial information regarding each of the Debtors’ business units.

               46.     On January 8, 2026, the Debtors filed the Bidding Procedures Motion

(Docket No. 1253), seeking court approval of an expedited timeline and auction procedures for the

proposed Sale Process and the Initial Notice. The Initial Notice was served on all potential bidders

for the Debtors’ assets, all known parties that had expressed interest in purchasing any of the

Debtors’ assets within the last twelve months, all parties listed on the Debtors’ creditor matrix, and

various other notice parties, as well as through publication. On January 16, 2026, the Debtors

published a notice of the Sale Process in The New York Times.

               47.     Shortly after filing the Bidding Procedures Motion, the Debtors’

already-strained liquidity position deteriorated further and the Debtors were unable to obtain

additional funding or waivers to access additional liquidity from their lenders. As a result, in late

January, the Debtors began taking steps to wind down certain of their North America business

operations. At that point, consummating a sale transaction under the timeline and procedures

contemplated by the Bidding Procedures Motion was no longer feasible and the Debtors needed



                                                 19
       Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 20 of 112




to move as quickly as possible to consummate going-concern sales before it became too late to do

so.

                   48.      In the months that followed, the Debtors, with support and funding from

certain of their OEM customers, executed several going concern and other sale transactions

involving their various business lines, including Walbro, TMD, and Horizon.

                   49.      The Debtors have not received any viable bids for the DIP Collateral Trust

Assets. Thus, the DIP Collateral Credit Bid represents the highest or otherwise best available bid

for a sale of the DIP Collateral Trust Assets. The DIP Collateral Credit Bid will maximize the

value of the FBG Debtors’ estates for the benefit of all stakeholders and further marketing,

including by auction, is unlikely to yield a higher or otherwise better result; rather, any incremental

value achieved by such additional marketing would likely be offset, if not exceeded, by the costs

of doing so.

                   50.      The DIP Collateral Trust Assets are subject to undisputed DIP Liens in the

amount of approximately $4.9 billion and liens securing the First Lien Claims and the Second Lien

Claims (the “Prepetition Term Loan Liens”) in the amount of approximately $2.6 billion

(collectively, approximately $7.5 billion).4 Based on my review of the Debtors’ books and records

and the results of the postpetition sale and marketing process conducted by the Debtors, I believe

that the amount of the DIP Liens and the Prepetition Term Loan Liens in the aggregate significantly

exceeds the value of the DIP Collateral Trust Assets. Moreover, I understand that, under the DIP

Collateral Trust Waterfall, if aggregate distributions from the DIP Collateral Trust and the




4
      I understand that the Challenge Period for the Prepetition Term Loan Liens has expired with respect to all parties
      in interest other than the Creditors’ Committee. I further understand that, pursuant to the Plan Settlement, the
      Challenge Period with respect to the Creditors’ Committee will expire upon the (i) establishment of the Litigation
      Trust, (ii) consummation of the Estate Claims Credit Bid Transaction, and (iii) funding of the Litigation Trust
      Cash Funding to the Litigation Trust.



                                                           20
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 21 of 112




Litigation Trust exceed the amount of DIP A Claims as of the Confirmation Date, any additional

amounts realized from the sale of the DIP Collateral Trust Assets will be distributed to holders of

Administrative Expense Claims until such claims are paid in full. Plan § 7.4(a)(iv).

               51.     Accordingly, I believe that the proposed DIP Collateral Credit Bid

Transaction represents a sound exercise of the Debtors’ business judgment and is fair, reasonable,

and in the best interests of the FBG Debtors’ estates and all creditor constituencies.

       C.      Negotiations Were in Good Faith

               52.     I believe that the Estate Claims Credit Bid Transaction and DIP Collateral

Credit Bid Transaction (together, the “Credit Bid Transactions”) were proposed and negotiated

by and among the FBG Debtors and the DIP Secured Parties without collusion or fraud, in good

faith, and at arm’s-length. Each of the DIP Secured Parties is represented by qualified counsel and

I believe that the DIP Secured Parties have not engaged in any conduct that would indicate or

constitute a lack of good faith. I have no reason to believe that the purchase price or the terms of

the proposed transactions were controlled by any agreement among potential bidders or other

parties and I do not believe that the successful bidders engaged in any collusion with any other

bidder or party in connection with the Credit Bid Transactions. It is my understanding that neither

the DIP Secured Parties, nor any of their affiliates, members, partners, officers, directors,

managers, principals, or shareholders are “insiders” of the Debtors and there exists no common

identity of directors, managers, controlling shareholders, or members between the Debtors and the

DIP Secured Parties. I also understand that the protections afforded by section 363(m) of the

Bankruptcy Code are integral to the Credit Bid Transactions and the DIP Secured Parties would

not consummate the Credit Bid Transactions without such protections.




                                                 21
      Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 22 of 112




VI.    LITIGATION TRUST

       A.      Litigation Trust Funding

               53.     The Litigation Trust will initially be funded with $75 million, comprised of

$25 million from the FBG Debtors’ balance sheet and $50 million of committed funding provided

and backstopped by the Litigation Trust Class 1 Funding Contributors, which are certain of the

DIP Secured Parties.      In exchange for providing the Litigation Trust Class 1 Funding

Contributions, each contributor will be entitled to receive distributions from the Litigation Trust

in accordance with the Litigation Trust Waterfall, including distributions in an amount equal to

the greater of (i) an internal rate of return on such Litigation Trust Class 1 Funding Contributions

equal to 20.0% and (ii) a multiple on invested capital on such Litigation Trust Class 1 Funding

Contributions of 1.75x. In addition, following aggregate distributions from the Litigation Trust

equal to $90 million, the contributors are entitled to receive 15% of all distributions from the

Litigation Trust, and following aggregate distributions from the Litigation Trust equal to

$350 million, the contributors are entitled to receive 10% of all distributions by the Litigation

Trust. The Litigation Trust Backstop Parties will receive an amount equal to 5.0% of the amount

of the funding commitment (whether drawn or undrawn) backstopped by such Litigation Trust

Backstop Party, which amount is included for purposes of the $90 million distribution threshold

under the Litigation Trust Waterfall.

               54.     I believe the Litigation Trust Funding provided by Litigation Trust Funding

Contributors is the best litigation financing available to the FBG Debtors and their successors.

Indeed, the Litigation Trust Funding represents the only viable source of financing for the

Litigation Trust because the DIP Secured Parties have liens on Avoidance Proceeds and other

Estate Claims, are purchasing the Litigation Trust Assets outright through the Estate Claims Credit

Bid Transaction, and would not consent to be primed by, or subordinate their recoveries to,



                                                22
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 23 of 112




alternative litigation funders. No other litigation financers have come forward with an alternative

financing proposal. Moreover, the Litigation Funding is a critical aspect of the Plan Settlement

and absent an agreement on the terms of the Litigation Funding, the FBG Debtors likely would not

have reached an agreement on the Plan Settlement. Specifically, since funding is needed to

monetize the Estate Claims and provide recoveries to the FBG Debtors’ creditors, certain DIP

Secured Parties were willing to provide such funding but only if the terms provided a sufficient

market return, taking into account their attendant risks and the amount of their outstanding DIP

Claims. Further, I believe the terms are reasonable, market-based, and actionable.

        B.     Litigation Trust Waterfall

               55.     As mentioned above, proceeds from the monetization of the Litigation Trust

Assets will be distributed in accordance with an agreed waterfall. Specifically, the Plan allows

junior creditors of the FBG Debtors (including administrative creditors, priority unsecured

creditors, and general unsecured creditors) to receive distributions of proceeds of DIP Collateral,

including Estate Claims before the DIP A Claims and Roll-Up Claims are paid in full in cash (with

interest).

               56.     Under the Litigation Trust Waterfall, after aggregate distributions of

$350 million of proceeds from the Litigation Trust to holders of Class 1 and Class 2 Litigation

Trust Interests, 16% of aggregate distributions from the Litigation Trust are paid in the following

order until the holders of each of these claims are paid in full: first, to holders of Administrative

Expense Claims who agree to participate in the Administrative Expense Claims Consent Program;

second, to holders of other Administrative Expense Claims; third, to holders of Other Priority

Claims; and fourth, to holders of Priority Tax Claims. When the Allowed DIP A Claims have

been paid in full, the share of proceeds to be distributed from the Litigation Trust to these

beneficiaries will increase from 16% to 90%. When the Allowed Administrative Expense Claims,



                                                 23
       Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 24 of 112




Other Priority Claims, and Priority Tax Claims have been paid in full, holders of Roll-Up Claims,

First Lien Claims, Second Lien Claims, and General Unsecured Claims are entitled to share, on a

pro rata basis, in 90% of all distributions by the Litigation Trust.

               57.     I believe the Litigation Trust Waterfall provides a significant benefit to

administrative and priority creditors, who will be able to realize some recoveries before DIP A

Claims are paid in full in cash (with interest).

VII.    THE FACTS UNCOVERED SINCE THE FILING OF THESE CHAPTER 11
        CASES

        A.     Overall Findings

               58.     Since our retention in this case, I, along with my team at A&M, in

coordination with the FBG Debtors’ other professionals and advisors, have uncovered significant

facts about the true nature of the activities of prior management and the FBG Debtors’ prepetition

business based on an extensive, and months-long, factual review and analysis of the FBG Debtors’

books and records, financial data, electronic records, and prepetition transactions and events. I

have also become very familiar with the FBG Debtors’ business over the last ten months.

               59.     As further described herein, there is substantial evidence that, in the years

preceding the chapter 11 filings, the FBG Debtors’ operating business was not profitable or an

otherwise self-sustaining enterprise.     Instead, the FBG Debtors’ operating business did not

generate sufficient cash to satisfy their obligations, including their indebtedness to the Term Loan

Lenders and ABL Secured Parties. A&M’s analysis indicates that, rather than being transparent

with existing lenders and other stakeholders, the FBG Debtors’ former officers—including Patrick

James (founder and CEO), Edward James (Executive Vice President), Andy Brumbergs (SVP of

Finance), and Stephen Graham (CFO)—engaged in a financial scheme (the “Scheme”), described

herein, that began as early as 2018 and continued through the Petition Date. The main elements




                                                   24
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 25 of 112




of the Scheme were: (a) fabricating financial statements to misrepresent the FBG Debtors’ dire

financial condition; (b) fabricating accounts receivable to obtain cash from third party factoring

parties; (c) fabricating supplier and vendor payables to obtain cash from supply chain financing

(“SCF”) parties (the “SCF Lenders”); and (d) causing inadequately capitalized special purpose

vehicles (each, an “SPV Entity” and collectively, “SPV Entities”) to enter into inventory and

equipment financing facilities to obtain cash where: (i) the assets of such SPV Entities were of

insufficient value to perform under the financing documents (e.g., to purchase inventory for fair

value and sell it for a far greater amount required to replace the inventory and service the debt);

(ii) existing lender collateral was purportedly double pledged or sold without notice or

compensation to those lenders; and (iii) the resulting billions of dollars of debt was concealed from

FBG’s existing lenders and other stakeholders.

                  60.      Round after round of transactions undertaken in furtherance of the Scheme

occurred so the FBG Debtors could funnel cash received in the most recent financing round to the

parties owed money from an earlier round, and so forth. And of course, key insiders also received

significant transfers as part of the Scheme. All told, I estimate the aggregate amount of the

transfers made by the FBG Debtors in furtherance of the Scheme during the four years prior to the

Petition Date (the “Full Period”) exceeds approximately $25.4 billion.

                  61.      The following chart summarizes the transfers we have determined were

made in furtherance of the Scheme:5




5
    The “Full Period” generally refers to the four-year period from September 28, 2021 through September 28, 2025,
    where data is available for that entire period. All amounts shown in the 90-Day, 1-Year, and Full Period columns
    are based on the dates covered by the available data for each relationship. Where data was not available for the
    full four-year period, the chart reflects the available period only. In addition, certain relationships did not exist
    throughout the full four-year period—for example, the Evolution relationship began in 2023.




                                                          25
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 26 of 112




               62.    I am aware that certain recipients of these transfers were aware of unusual

or extraordinary activities or information that I consider to be red flags: Katsumi Servicing, LLC

(“Katsumi”), Leucadia Asset Management (“Leucadia” or “LAM”), and PrimeRevenue, Inc.

(“PrimeRevenue”), and/or each of their affiliates, obtained documented examples of falsified

invoices or otherwise discovered material irregularities related to the Scheme.        With such

information, these parties could have conducted further diligence concerning, among other things,

FBG’s financial statements, which depicted a company operating at a very high level of



                                               26
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 27 of 112




profitability inconsistent with its own business model and with the broader auto supplier industry

(e.g., gross margins of 36.2% and operating income margins of approximately 19–20% for fiscal

year 2023). These margins, if genuine, would have placed the FBG Debtors among the most

profitable auto parts suppliers in the world.

               63.     And, FBG’s reported financial performance appeared inconsistent with the

publicly available financial information of certain acquired businesses. For example, immediately

prior to its acquisition by FBG in January 2023, Horizon Global publicly disclosed negative

trailing adjusted EBITDA margins, projected adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately

negative 2.5% for 2022, and projected adjusted EBITDA margins of only approximately 5%

through 2025. Despite acquiring Horizon and numerous other businesses, FBG continued to report

consolidated gross margins exceeding 36% and operating income margins approaching 20%. The

addition of these lower-margin business lines should have diluted FBG’s average reported margins

in subsequent years, but the reported figures show no such decline. This raised questions about

how FBG could acquire new business lines operating at a fraction of FBG’s reported margins, and

somehow generated immediate improvements in profitability such that the acquisitions had no

dilutive effect, especially when such margins were inconsistent with any historical results of those

acquired entities.

               64.     Also, the financial statements from 2022 up until the Petition Date did not

reflect the reality that the automotive industry continued to face uncertainty associated with global

supply chains, elevated interest rates, inflationary pressures, and the potential impact of existing

and evolving U.S. trade policies, including tariffs affecting imported automotive components.

               65.     Finally, publicly available information (or the lack thereof) about FBG’s

controlling owner, Patrick James, showed almost no information about him personally, very




                                                 27
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 28 of 112




limited relevant corporate experience, and prior lawsuits alleging that Patrick James had inflated

receivables at other companies he controlled.

               66.     With specific information in hand concerning false invoices and the other

red flags described above, these parties could have required additional information, such as a

quality of earnings report, which First Brands could not have provided (as was the case in the

summer of 2025 when the Scheme began to unravel), or otherwise questioned the accuracy of First

Brands’ financial statements and representations, and acted accordingly. For example, an April

2024 internal Apollo presentation titled “First Brands Overview” identified each of the following

as “key issue[s]”: (a) “Very simply: the cash flow of the business has never matched the

Company’s claims about its margins nor its ability to drive cost savings in the business;” (b) “It’s

not uncommon for management teams/sponsors to exaggerate run-rate impacts, synergies, etc., but

in the case of First Brands, it is not just pro forma numbers that don’t make sense” (emphasis

added); (c) “The Company’s income statement paints a picture of a company with 20% operating

margins, which is difficult to believe for this business, especially when First Brands has been

acquiring sub 5 and 10% EBITDA margin businesses;” and (d) the “Company is 100% controlled

by CEO Patrick James . . . The CEO has controlled dozens of entities over the years, many of

which have ended up in litigation or liquidation (or both). Simple Google searches reveal almost

nothing about him.” See e.g., Apr. 2024 First Brands Overview, Apollo Global Management, Inc.

The presentation goes on to provide an internal direction to “[d]iscuss implications and

possibilities of shorting a loan when on the DQ list.” Id. (emphasis added).

               67.     In addition to the red flags discussed above, specific red flags should have

been evident to SPV Lenders considering information readily available to them including, for

example, (a) the fact that the SPV Entities could not satisfy their obligations under the SPV




                                                28
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 29 of 112




Facilities based on the economics of the deals as written; (b) the initial purchase agreements

through which the SPV Entities purportedly acquired inventory often contained no set purchase

price and no schedule of assets; (c) the SPV Entities generally tracked inventory only by generic,

continuously turning SKU numbers rather than unique identifiers that would permit specific items

to be traced—a fact that should have made it obvious that the separateness of the SPV Entities was

not being maintained; (d) the borrowing base certificates were generally facially deficient and

internally inconsistent; and (e) in some cases, the purported “borrowing base” generally exceeded

the loans extended to the SPV Entities, without an explanation of how an undercapitalized SPV

Entity could properly acquire assets in excess of its funding amount. Because the Debtors have

not yet obtained emails and internal communications from all or substantially all of the

counterparties to the transfers, I believe additional information about what they knew or should

have known about the Scheme will come to light.

               68.     Given the transfers these specific parties received, I would expect that many

of them will have received proportionally more on account of their claims against the FBG Debtors

than other unsecured creditors will receive, such as suppliers and other trade creditors.

               69.     These and other facts regarding the Scheme are presented in the following

sections of this Declaration.

       B.      False Financials Concealing First Brands’ Financial Condition

               70.     During the course of our work, my team at A&M uncovered pervasive

manipulation and doctoring of the FBG Debtors’ financial records. In effect, our investigation

uncovered the existence of two sets of books: one reflecting legitimate underlying transactions,

and another reflecting adjusted amounts manipulated for lender-facing reporting. The adjustments

decreased expenses and improved reported margins. Based on the allocution of Andy Brumbergs

(Brumbergs Plea at 27-28), I understand that, beginning at least as early as 2018, Patrick James



                                                29
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 30 of 112




and Edward James, among others, caused the FBG Debtors to provide lenders with a version of

financial statements that did not reflect the Company’s true financial position.

               71.     The evidence we have uncovered shows that FBG Debtors’ former

management manipulated the Company’s financial records according to a top-down process. They

dictated false manual adjustments to the Company’s financials, including, for example, directing

that the Company “reduce factoring by 3. Reduce interest by 6. Reduce non–cash by 14. Increase

restructuring 14,” without any apparent business justification for these manual adjustments. Andy

Brumbergs implemented corresponding accounting changes, including by having Debtors’

accounting personnel make entries in local general ledger systems and directly in HFM, the

Debtors’ consolidation system, which enabled “instant” adjustments to financial results.

Specifically, at the close of each reporting period, Andy Brumbergs prepared documents setting

target financial outcomes for the Company known as “Results Bridges,” which we understand

were based on his discussions with Patrick James. The accounting department would then translate

these “Results Bridges” into “Adjustments Bridges,” which instructed site level accounting

personnel to make specific unsupported manual journal entries needed to hit those targets, again

with no apparent business justification. This process generated more than 38,000 posting lines of

unsupported “Special” manual journal entries between January 2024 and September 2025 alone,

touching nearly every line of the Debtors’ balance sheet and income statement.

               72.     These “Special” manual entries included entries that improperly reclassified

operating expenses as capitalized assets, entries that inflated reported sales, and entries

reclassifying expenses “below the line” to inflate reported EBITDA. A&M determined that these

adjustments rarely corresponded to the FBG Debtors’ actual financial condition and were

otherwise untethered to business realities.




                                                30
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 31 of 112




               73.     The A&M team also determined that the Debtors’ former management

improperly commingled the funds of the FBG Debtors and certain affiliates in order to conceal

their financial misconduct. In January 2022, the Debtors’ former management began using a Wells

Fargo bank account belonging to Bowery Finance II, LLC (“Bowery”) to disguise the true sources

and uses of cash apparently to keep transactions in furtherance of the Scheme and related liabilities

off the Debtors’ balance sheet. Bowery is a non-Debtor entity incorporated in Delaware, on whose

incorporation filing Patrick James is listed as President and Chief Executive Officer and Edward

James as Executive Vice President. Several Bowery accounts were originally opened at Wells

Fargo to run a self-administered accounts receivable factoring program funded by Wells Fargo and

Viceroy Private Capital, LLC, but by the end of 2022, the Debtors had begun routing proceeds

generated from the Scheme through the main Bowery account ending 4822 (the “Bowery

Account”) as well. In total, the A&M team found that approximately $12 billion flowed through

the Bowery Account as part of the Scheme between January 2022 and October 2025.

               74.     Funds flowed into the Bowery account from multiple sources, including

SCF and SPV Lenders (each as defined below), and were then distributed out to FBG (typically

via certain of the Debtors’ operating entities), to Patrick James and his affiliated entities, and to

SPV Entities to pay SPV Lenders. The large majority of amounts initially transferred to the

Debtors’ operating entities were calculated pursuant to a formula-driven, percentage-based

allocation schedule that accounting personnel referred to internally as the “Bowery Splits.” The

A&M team found no discernible business basis for the percentages assigned to each site under the

Bowery Splits. Accounting personnel at the individual operating sites were provided journal

entries by FBG corporate accounting personnel instructing them how to record the incoming

Bowery transfers on the operating sites’ books. The site accountants were generally led to believe




                                                 31
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 32 of 112




the cash represented ordinary accounts receivable collections or were otherwise not informed of

the transfers’ true origin. The transfers were then generally washed through intercompany

accounts or eliminated from the books entirely using top-side adjusting entries, effectively erasing

any liability and record of the cash’s original source. My team’s analysis indicates that new money

obtained through the Scheme, and washed through the Bowery Account, was regularly used in

circular fashion to pay factors, SCF Lenders, and SPV Lenders, which, in turn, encouraged future

rounds of borrowing to support the Scheme.

               75.     Our work also uncovered substantial evidence that the Debtors’ operating

businesses were losing money, could not pay all their obligations when due, and had liabilities far

in excess of their assets for years preceding the Petition Date. For one thing, the FBG Debtors’

true earnings were a fraction of what was reported. My team and I analyzed the impact of the

38,000 unsupported manual adjustments on the Company’s reported profitability. We estimate

that reversing these unsupported manual journal entries made by former leadership would, on its

own, reduce the Debtors’ reported EBITDA for FY2024 by approximately $925 million (from the

reported $1.05 billion to approximately $125 million) and would reduce EBITDA for the nine

months ended September 2025 by a further approximately $852 million. My team then made

additional adjustments to correct other identified misstatements in First Brands’ financial

statements, including entries that were for adjustments to revenue and accounts receivable for

credits, rebates, discounts, short payments, uncollectable amounts, and other items; adjustments to

inventory and cost of goods sold for capitalized variances and inventory reserves; and adjustments

to rent expense. With these corrections, the cumulative decrease to the FBG Debtors’ FY2024

EBITDA is approximately $1.348 billion, resulting in EBITDA of approximately negative

$294 million, rather than the $1.05 billion reported by former leadership. For the nine months




                                                32
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 33 of 112




ended September 2025, the adjusted EBITDA is approximately negative $825 million, rather than

the approximately $418 million from the Company’s internal financial statements. This analysis

confirms that the FBG Debtors’ stated profitability prior to the Petition Date was illusory. Their

reported EBITDA (in excess of $1 billion) rested on unsupported manual adjustments and

misstated financial statements. In fact, the FBG Debtors had negative EBITDA and negative cash

flow, and could not have serviced their debt absent prior management’s ongoing Scheme.

               76.     While my team has not had the time to conduct a similar forensic analysis

of adjustments for 2022 and 2023, the evidence suggests that the results would be comparable.

That includes the fact that Andy Brumbergs confirmed under oath that the Scheme dates back to

at least 2018, and my team has confirmed the existence of similar unsupported manual adjustments

made to financial statements in 2022 and 2023.

               77.     My team and I also determined that the FBG Debtors’ liabilities exceeded

their assets well before the Petition Date. Since at least 2022, the FBG Debtors’ reported liabilities

have exceeded their reported assets ($5.153 billion in liabilities against $5.099 billion in assets in

FY 2022; $6.801 billion against $6.605 billion in FY 2023). The FBG Debtors’ assets were

exceeded by their liabilities even before accounting for the substantial understatement of liabilities

and the manipulated financial statements related to the Scheme. That condition persisted through

the Petition Date: of the approximately $11.5 billion in liabilities outstanding as of the Petition

Date, my team and I determined that approximately $5.5 billion was unrecorded or under-recorded,

including the accounts receivable factoring liabilities, off-balance-sheet SPV liabilities, and

unsecured SCF liabilities described herein.

               78.     There is also evidence that prior management overstated asset values before

the Petition Date. For example, my team analyzed the FBG Debtors’ adjustments for aged and




                                                 33
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 34 of 112




obsolete inventory and found numerous instances in which clearly obsolete, worthless inventory

remained on the books well past the point at which it should have been written off. This indicates

that, in addition to underreporting liabilities, prior management overreported assets on the FBG

Debtors’ historical financial statements. Accordingly, the evidence supports the conclusion that

the FBG Debtors’ actual assets fell short of their liabilities by an even wider margin for years prior

to the Petition Date.

               79.      With the Special Committee and outside advisors in place, former

management was terminated. The guilty pleas of certain of the Debtors’ most senior finance

executives soon followed. Stephen Graham admitted under oath that as CFO he agreed with others

to “inflate and report the financial performance of First Brands on financial statements that were

issued to First Brands’ lenders,” knowing those statements contained false and misleading

information, and that he personally presented the false and inflated statements in lender

presentations to obtain financing on better terms. (Graham Plea at 24-25). Andy Brumbergs

likewise admitted that, from approximately 2018 through 2025, he agreed with others to provide

misleading financial statements to lenders that “included accounting adjustments that misstated

First Brands’ financial condition and results,” and misrepresented the existence of inventory and

equipment pledged or sold as collateral. (Brumbergs Plea at 27-28). Patrick James and Edward

James were indicted on January 29, 2026 in the Southern District of New York on charges related

to the Scheme, including operating a continuing financial crimes enterprise, conspiracy to commit

wire fraud and bank fraud, conspiracy to commit money laundering, and numerous substantive

counts of wire fraud and bank fraud.




                                                 34
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 35 of 112




       C.      False and Misleading Activity Relating to FBG’s Factoring and Supply
               Chain Practices

               1.      Accounts Receivable Factoring

               80.     Prior to the Petition Date, the FBG Debtors utilized factoring arrangements

to bridge the cash shortages created by their own extended customer payment terms, which in some

cases permitted customers up to a year to pay outstanding invoices. First Brands historically

entered into two primary types of factoring arrangements, including arrangements with

(i) customers and their financial institution partners and (ii) unaffiliated third parties. In both

arrangements, the Company would transfer a receivable to either a customer partner or third-party

factor in exchange for a near-term discounted payment on a customer invoice with lengthy

payment terms. Under customer factoring arrangements, the customer would pay the factor

directly when the receivable came due. However, under third-party factoring arrangements, the

third-party factor would purchase invoices from the Debtors and the Debtors were then required

to turn over the payment, once received from the customer, to the third-party factor. Our

investigation found that the Debtors’ prepetition third-party factoring practices, specifically, were

substantially based on fraudulent invoices. For example, Andy Brumbergs has admitted under

oath that, between approximately 2020 and 2025, he and others knowingly submitted falsified

invoice information to factoring companies and investors in order to secure “a higher financing or

higher proceeds” than the true receivables would have justified. (Brumbergs Plea at 28-29).

               81.     To determine the extent and scope of the factoring Scheme, my team and I

compared values of the factored invoices (from available nomination files or from information

provided by the factors) to FBG’s internal database of actual invoices owed by customers to

identify the percentage of inflated invoices submitted to each factor. We applied this percentage

to the total payments made to each third-party factor for the period prior to the Petition Date to




                                                 35
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 36 of 112




estimate the total value of prepetition transfers to each third-party factor on account of falsified

accounts receivable in furtherance of the Scheme.

               82.     Through this forensic reconciliation of nomination files against the Debtors’

system-generated invoices, we estimate that the vast majority of amounts transferred from and

paid to factoring parties was on account of falsified invoices. The following chart summarizes

how we estimated the fraudulent amount.




               83.     A&M’s work identified several different methods applied by former

management to manipulate invoices utilized in the factoring Scheme, including: (i) invoices

submitted at inflated values that bore no relation to the underlying customer order; (ii) invoices

submitted for customer orders that did not exist at all; and (iii) receivables that were factored more

than once, i.e., pledged simultaneously to two or more competing factors. In some cases, the

amount reflected on a factored invoice was ten times or more than the actual invoice amount. By

way of example, a package of invoices valued at approximately $2.3 million was sent to Andy

Brumbergs, who forwarded that same package to a factoring company at a value of $11.18 million.

In another example, on July 19, 2023, the nomination file prepared by an accounting team in

Romania was sent to Andy Brumbergs totaling approximately $11.9 million in invoice value to

upload. This was the amount of real invoices nominated for factoring. FBG had additional

capacity of $31.2 million available above and beyond that $11.9 million. Andy Brumbergs

falsified invoices totaling $29.8 million to take advantage of the additional capacity and a total of

$41.7 million was factored.




                                                 36
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 37 of 112




                 84.     Given the losses experienced by the operating business, and the fact that

customers did not actually owe the amounts specified in the false invoices, former management

relied upon the Scheme to generate cash to remit funds expected by the factoring parties, without

which they could not have continued to engage in factoring still more false invoices. For example,

on August 8, 2025, LAM sent $1,291,986.58 to a Trico Products Corporation, LLC account. Later

that same day, Trico Products Corporation, LLC sent $4,550,509.56 to Katsumi. Additionally, on

August 22, 2025, LAM sent $732,816.56 to a Carter Fuel Systems, LLC account. On the same

day, Carter Fuel Systems sent $536,426.42 to Katsumi. The evidence shows that the money

received from factoring parties in many instances was cycled back to pay other or the same

factoring parties in satisfaction of earlier liabilities.

                         i.      Evidence Concerning “Red Flags” To Factoring Counterparties

                 85.     There is evidence of unusual and concerning information that I consider to

be red flags concerning the Scheme that was available to specified factoring counterparties prior

to the Petition Date. My team uncovered that, prior to the Petition Date, certain counterparties

received documented examples of falsified invoices and discovered material irregularities related

to the Scheme.

                 86.     For example, on September 22, 2023, Katsumi asked First Brands to

provide copies of seven invoices Katsumi had already funded, as part of an audit.              On

September 25, 2023, a First Brands accounts receivable analyst based in Romania sent Katsumi

the requested invoices without funneling the response through Andy Brumbergs or Edward James.

Katsumi compared these underlying invoices to the amounts it had actually funded, and the

discrepancy was unmistakable: not one of the seven sampled invoices matched. For example, an

invoice actually worth $240.35 had been funded by Katsumi as if it were worth $434,997.58, an

inflation of more than 180,000%.



                                                    37
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 38 of 112




               87.     On September 27, 2023, Katsumi requested a call with FBG specifically to

discuss the failed audit. The following day, Katsumi escalated the discrepancy directly to two of

FBG’s senior finance personnel. Katsumi’s message to FBG made clear that all seven sampled

invoices contained substantial discrepancies in invoice amount. Katsumi told FBG that it would

continue requesting samples on future nominations.

               88.     There is evidence that, within months of this incident, Katsumi sought to

market and sell its exposure in First Brands factored invoices. For example, Katsumi attempted to

sell a portion of its position to Apollo following this disclosure. However, Apollo declined the

opportunity after correctly identifying the numerous red flags discussed herein, even without the

benefit of the specific disclosure known to Katsumi.

               89.     This information was available to Katsumi no later than September 27,

2023. Thereafter, it funded approximately $4.9 billion of additional third-party factoring and was

paid more than $4.7 billion. Of that amount, my team estimated that $3.8 billion (81%) was on

account of fraudulent or inflated invoices.

               90.     Jefferies and its affiliates, including LAM, are another example of a party

that conducted diligence and uncovered irregularities and concrete examples of the fabricated

invoices. Specifically, on January 13, 2023, LAM sent First Brands a series of due diligence

questions related to LAM’s existing accounts receivable facility, including the aggregate dollar

amount of all inventory financing, accounts payable, and accounts receivable securitization

facilities in place at First Brands. LAM also requested that First Brands schedule an onsite visit

for LAM’s annual review, which it noted was “past due,” and asked for a call with First Brands’

CFO. Rather than simply provide the requested diligence information, Edward James pushed back

on the scope of LAM’s requests. In a response on January 14, 2023, he wrote that he was “surprised




                                               38
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 39 of 112




by the length of the questions” LAM had posed, and reminded LAM that Jefferies had been

“rewarded handsomely” for its role in FBG’s prior transactions. He added that he would “need to

keep any future recommendations in mind” if LAM expressed concerns about providing additional

factoring capacity.

               91.     On January 17, 2023, LAM wrote that without a site visit and a meeting

with First Brands’ CFO to “gain comfort” with First Brands, there was “no possibility of an

increase” in First Brands’ factoring capacity. LAM emphasized that it viewed itself as “one of

[First Brands’] largest creditors,” and that it wanted to “walk[] through [First Brands’] current on

balance sheet and off balance sheet credit facilities.” Edward James responded strongly, writing

that “clearly LAM is not my creditor” given the structure of the LAM facility, and that he would

need to “let ownership know” that LAM would not be providing increased factoring capacity as

requested. Despite the lack of transparency and pushback against its diligence requests, Jefferies

and its LAM affiliate may have prioritized their broader relationship with FBG over completing

diligence they had sought.

               92.     This appears to have remained the case in October 2023. During its

independent diligence, a prospective investor in First Brands had identified a material cash flow

anomaly: FBG’s reported operating cash from receivables remained positive despite significant

revenue and accounts receivable growth, a pattern the prospective investor flagged as inconsistent

with typical accounting results. But when Jefferies bankers advising that investor sent First

Brands’ CFO diligence requests seeking historical cash flows associated with factoring activities

and a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA, one Jefferies banker noted that Jefferies already knew

First Brands “[did] not want to disclose more than necessary.” Notably, the anomaly that the

prospective investor identified is evident on the face of the financial statements.




                                                 39
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 40 of 112




               93.      This information was available no later than January 17, 2023 to Jefferies

and its affiliates. Thereafter, LAM funded approximately $7.3 billion of additional third-party

factoring and was paid more than $6.9 billion. When my team compared the actual nominated

invoices to the amounts transferred by FBG to LAM, they discovered that the actual invoices only

accounted for 39% of the transferred value. Therefore, my team estimates that 61% of transfers

from FBG to LAM were on account of fraudulent or inflated invoices, and when applied to the full

$6.9 billion paid to LAM, my team estimated that $4.2 billion (61%) was on account of fraudulent

or inflated invoices.

               94.      The Debtors have not yet had an opportunity to obtain internal documents

from various factoring and other counterparties to the Scheme. Nor have the Debtors had an

opportunity to review all of their own emails. Nonetheless, the information that has come to light

suggests red flags were present.

                        ii.    Transfers to Factoring Parties

               95.      The following chart summarizes payments to factoring parties (i) in the 90

days preceding the Petition Date ($1.1 billion) and (ii) in the four years preceding the Petition Date

($15.3 billion). Additionally, my team has calculated the average percentage of fraudulent invoice

value by comparing the amounts of factored invoices against the invoice details found in FBG’s

internal invoice database and estimates that, of the total paid to the factors in the four year period,

a total of $10.6 billion was paid for fraudulent invoices. For LAM and Katsumi parties, using the

same methodology, my team estimated transfers made on account of false invoices in furtherance

of the Scheme after January and September 2023, respectively (approximately $8 billion). The

following charts summarize our analysis.




                                                  40
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 41 of 112




               2.     Supply Chain Financing

               96.    The Debtors used SCF to facilitate payments to certain vendors and

suppliers where the SCF provider pays the vendor, less a discount, and the Debtors repay the SCF

provider on the terms and amounts normally owed to the vendor. The Debtors facilitated the SCF

program in two ways: through “Direct Factoring,” in which participating vendors uploaded

invoices directly to an SCF platform’s portal, and through a “Third-Party Bill Payer” structure, in

which vendors choosing to participate would have their invoices submitted to the SCF program

portal and could choose to take money on “Day 1” or wait until their invoice matured, which then

provided funds to a third-party bill payer, ITS, NextProcess LP (“NextProcess”), or VERCYFi

LLC (“VERCYFi”), which in turn would pay the vendor. The Debtors used several SCF

platforms, including PrimeRevenue, Raistone Purchasing LLC Series XXVII (“Raistone”),

LiquidX, Inc. (“LiquidX”), IFG Network LLC d/b/a The Interface Financial Group (“Interface”),

YieldStreet Prism Fund Inc. (“Yieldstreet”), Orbian Financial Services XXVI LLC (“Orbian”),

Bank of America NA (“BAML”), and/or each of their affiliates, funded by a range of bank and

institutional lenders, and the credit lines under these programs generally increased over time. The

SCF platforms’ respective lenders were owed approximately $1.2 billion at the time of the Petition

Date, none of which was recorded on the balance sheet.

               97.    There is significant evidence, however, that Debtors’ former management

systematically created, and received payments on account of, billions of dollars of fake invoices,

using either Excel schedules of fake supplier invoices or fake “cover” invoices. In general,




                                                41
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 42 of 112




personnel within the Debtors created fake cover invoices or invoice information that were

uploaded to the SCF platforms. As an example, in February 2024, the company created a cover

invoice, also sometimes referred to internally as a “Dummy Invoice,” which was submitted to

Crescendo Asset Management under the Raistone factoring program. This cover invoice was used

to support funding for $2.1 million of supposed freight invoices, which in reality never existed.

The SCF platform provider would then approve the fake invoices for payment on behalf of one or

more financing parties. Based on the dummy invoices, funds were then routed to a third party bill

payer, which in turn would route the funds to Bowery, based on the payment instructions provided

by First Brands. These transactions were referred to internally as “corporate initiative” or “round

trip” payments and were tracked in an internal spreadsheet titled “Approved ROUNDTRIP

Master.”6




6
    “ASC” means ASC Industries, Inc. “Champ” or “Champion” means Champion Laboratores, Inc. “TRICO”
    or “Trico” means Trico Products Corporation.



                                                 42
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 43 of 112




               98.    A portion of the funds received from SCF Lenders would flow through the

Bowery Account and be transferred to operating entities pursuant to the percentages dictated by

the Bowery Splits schedule. My team also determined that amounts received from Bowery relating

to the SCF program were recorded on the individual sites’ books in various accounts and ultimately

adjusted out at the direction of Andy Brumbergs and others. In connection with this practice, just

prior to the Debtors’ bankruptcy, Andy Brumbergs instructed individuals in the Debtors’ corporate

accounting department to add a $1.2 billion SCF liability to the Debtors’ books, effectively

recording the outstanding SCF liabilities that had been concealed under the Scheme. This

adjustment stands in stark contrast to the SCF liabilities that First Brands had disclosed in prior

years, which were approximately $543 million for 2023 and $682 million for 2024. A&M’s

analysis has determined that each of these disclosures understated the actual SCF liabilities by

hundreds of millions of dollars.

               99.    Based on the SCF transaction structure, no payments for legitimate SCF

invoices should have passed through the Bowery Account or been part of the roundtripping

exercise. Consistent with this fact, my team and I were unable to match transfers from SCF

Lenders through the Bowery Account to any legitimate invoices. Based on these facts, my team

determined that every SCF transfer which passed through the Bowery Account was based on

nonexistent invoices. In other words, the evidence shows that 100% of the transfers to Bowery

made pursuant to an SCF program were made on account of fake invoices.

               100.   My team further confirmed that funds flowing through the Bowery

Account, funded in part by the SCF Lenders, were not used to pay actual vendors. Rather, funds

paid by SCF Lenders on account of fake supply chain invoices were used, along with other funds




                                                43
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 44 of 112




generated from the Scheme, to make payments to SCF Lenders, the factoring parties or SPV

Lenders to perpetuate the Scheme by obtaining more cash from them.

                       i.      Evidence Concerning “Red Flags” to SCF Counterparties

               101.    There is evidence that PrimeRevenue, which gave certain financing parties

access to invoices of First Brands’ vendors, obtained what appeared to be vendor invoices from

First Brands in the ordinary course and then reviewed some of those invoices to determine that

they were not created by the vendor at all, but by First Brands itself. This occurred in the summer

of 2024, when a PrimeRevenue employee, who had an ongoing relationship with Edward James,

told an FBG employee that the purported customer invoice meta data showed that the FBG

employee authored the vendor invoice. I believe that this is a significant red flag. The First Brands

employee was then advised by PrimeRevenue to check the invoices’ file properties going forward.

The Debtors do not yet have access to internal records or communications with PrimeRevenue’s

participating banks about this incident.

               102.    Additional information such as internal communications has not yet been

obtained and reviewed by the Debtors. The following chart, however, summarizes payments to

SCF parties (i) in the 90 days preceding the Petition Date ($468 million), (ii) the total amount paid

pursuant to fraudulent invoices in the four years preceding the Petition Date ($4.7 billion) and

(iii) total amounts paid to PrimeRevenue’s participating banks since the date of the incident

described above ($575 million).




                                                 44
      Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 45 of 112




         D.       False and Misleading Activity Relating to SPV Entities

                  103.     The Debtors’ former management established the SPV Entities through

which the Debtors incurred more than $2.3 billion in undisclosed financing obligations as of the

Petition Date. The SPV Entities, including the CarVal SPVs,7 Onset SPVs,8 Evolution SPVs,9 and

Aequum SPVs,10 were organized under a holding structure controlled by FBG’s officers, and were

used to obtain financing from four primary lender groups: Onset (approximately $2.2 billion as of

the Petition Date), CarVal11 (approximately $159 million as of the Petition Date), Evolution12

(approximately $230 million as of the Petition Date), and Aequum13 (approximately $87 million

as of the Petition Date) (each, an “SPV Lender” and collectively, the “SPV Lenders”). From

January 2022 through the Petition Date, the SPV Lenders advanced approximately $2.73 billion

that flowed through the SPV Entities and should have been transferred to the FBG Debtors under

the respective credit facilities (the “SPV Facilities”) and received transfers from the FBG Debtors,

through the SPV Entities as intermediaries, of approximately $2.4 billion.



7
     “CarVal SPVs” means, collectively, Carnaby Inventory Holdings II, LLC (“Carnaby Holdings II”), Carnaby
     Inventory II, LLC (“Carnaby II”), Carnaby Inventory Holdings III, LLC (“Carnaby Holdings III”), and
     Carnaby Inventory III, LLC (“Carnaby III”).
8
     “Onset SPVs” means, collectively, Carnaby Inventory IV, LLC (“Carnaby IV”), Carnaby Inventory Holdings
     IV, LLC (“Carnaby Holdings IV”), Carnaby FA Holdings, LLC (“Carnaby FA Holdings”) and Carnaby FA,
     LLC (“Carnaby FA”).
9
     “Evolution SPVs” means, collectively, Starlight Inventory Holdings I, LLC (“Starlight Holdings”), Starlight
     Inventory I, LLC (“Starlight”), Patterson Inventory Holdings, LLC (“Patterson Holdings”), and Patterson
     Inventory, LLC (“Patterson”).
10
     “Aequum SPVs” means, collectively, Broad Street Financial Holdings, LLC (“Broad Street Holdings”), Broad
     Street Financial, LLC (“Broad Street”), Global Assets LLC (“Global Assets”), and Global Assets GmbH
     (“Global Assets GmbH”).
11
     “CarVal” means the lenders under that certain credit agreement dated as of May 31, 2022, and that certain credit
     agreement dated as of July 6, 2022.
12
     “Evolution” means Evolution Credit Opportunity Master Fund II-B, L.P., Evolution Credit Partners Trade
     Finance Master, L.P. (as successor in interest to Evolution Credit Partners Trade Finance L.P.), Evolution Credit
     Opportunity Master Fund III-B, LP, and certain other Evolution affiliated funds.
13
     “Aequum” means the lenders under the revolving credit facility to Broad Street and Broad Street Financial
     Holdings, LLC and Aequum Capital Financial II LLC, in its capacity as administrative agent for the lenders.




                                                         45
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 46 of 112




               104.    The SPV Facilities were nominally loans (or sale-leaseback transactions) to

a special purpose vehicle from an SPV Lender, to be repaid and secured by the SPV Entities’

current and future inventory or existing equipment of a value sufficient to generate the cash

necessary to maintain a minimum dollar value of collateral and repay the principal plus interest

and fees.

               105.    There is substantial evidence, however, that cash proceeds from the

transactions contemplated by the SPV Facilities would not have been and were not sufficient to

perform under the SPV Facilities, and that the SPV Entities had effectively no capitalization or

other legitimate means to uphold their obligations to the SPV Lenders under the SPV Facilities.

Further, based on an extensive analysis conducted over many months by my team, we have

determined the following facts to be accurate:

               •   The SPV Entities were controlled by FBG management. See
                   infra ¶¶ 115, 124, 133–135.

               •   The SPV Entities plainly lacked the capitalization and assets to
                   perform under the SPV loan agreements. See infra ¶¶ 109–115,
                   132.

               •   The SPV Facilities were made on substantially worse terms and
                   higher interest rates relative to the available credit under the then
                   undrawn ABL Facility, especially the Onset Facilities. See
                   ¶¶110, 134–137.

               •   The inventory or equipment was ABL and term loan collateral
                   before the SPV Facilities were entered into and such lenders
                   contend that their liens were never properly released giving rise
                   to double pledging. See infra ¶¶ 119, 123–124.

               •   The inventory and equipment remained on FBG Debtors’ books
                   and records and were functionally utilized by the FBG business
                   (not the SPV Entities). See infra ¶¶ 111, 119–121.

               •   The FBG Debtors bore the risk of default under the loans,
                   including because the FBG Debtors stood to lose access to the
                   equipment and inventory necessary for their business. See infra
                   ¶¶ 109–114, 124.



                                                  46
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 47 of 112




              •   The FBG Debtors’ management actively concealed the
                  existence of the SPV Facilities and debt from the FBG Debtors’
                  ABL Secured Parties and Term Lenders and all other
                  stakeholders, including by failing to disclose their existence in
                  their financial statements as required under the applicable
                  accounting rules. See infra ¶¶ 124–127, 138.

              •   The FBG Debtors received substantially all of the loan proceeds
                  (certain amounts were diverted by Patrick James) and were the
                  actual source of the cash for nearly all payments made to the
                  SPV Lenders, which were not generated by sales of inventory
                  by SPV Entities. See infra. ¶¶ 106–107, 116–118, 125–127.

              •   The inventory that was supposed to provide the means to repay
                  the SPV Entity financings and that ostensibly secured the loans
                  (other than Onset’s property, plant and equipment (“PP&E”)
                  financings) was of insufficient value to generate replacement
                  collateral as required under the transaction documents while also
                  servicing the loans. In other words, even if the SPV Entities
                  owned the inventory (which is disputed), the margins from the
                  sale of the inventory would have been insufficient to both
                  replace the inventory that had been sold and to pay the loans.
                  See infra ¶¶ 109–114.

              106.    In sum, FBG’s former management utilized the SPV Facilities to obtain

billions of dollars of secret debt they could not repay to generate cash that was utilized to

perpetuate the Scheme; funneling funds from one SPV Lender to another, or in certain cases the

same lender, and to enrich Patrick James and his affiliates. For example, on August 25, 2023,

Onset sent $48 million to Carnaby IV in connection with Lease 12; just one week later, on

September 1, 2023, Carnaby IV sent $48,353,350 back to Onset, with the difference funded by

Viceroy. On November 27, 2024, Onset sent $158.4 million to Carnaby FA in connection with

Lease 8; on the same day, Carnaby FA sent $50.6 million to Carnaby IV, which helped fund its

$81.2 million payment to Onset on November 29, 2024. On January 16, 2025, Onset sent

$192 million to Carnaby IV in connection with Lease 24; this money was then used to pay multiple

lenders, including GLAS Trust ($2,590,456.98 via Carnaby II and III), UMB Bank ($4,534,587.88

via Global Assets), and Aequum ($579,917.23 via Broad Street); on April 17, 2023, Onset sent



                                               47
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 48 of 112




Carnaby IV $28,800,000 in connection with Lease 007, and $27,838,350 was sent back to Onset

on May 1, 2023; on October 27, 2023, Onset sent Carnaby FA $91,200,000 in connection with

Lease 001, and on November 1, 2023, Carnaby FA transferred $57,153,350 to Carnaby IV, which

in turn transferred $57,153,350 back to Onset on the same day. Accordingly, funds from the SPV

Lenders were recycled to service preexisting creditors, rather than to purchase and sell inventory

as part of the SPV structure—a hallmark of a circular, self-sustaining fraudulent financing scheme.




               107.   My team at A&M also uncovered evidence that Patrick James caused the

FBG Debtors to transfer funds to Onset using a variety of intermediaries to mask these transfers.

For example, on October 31, 2024, First Brands Group, LLC transferred $25 million from the

corporate account to the Patrick James Trust for a purported tax distribution. On October 31, 2024,

Patrick James transferred $22,059,394.90 from his Trust account to Carnaby Inventory IV at a

time when the account, immediately prior to such transfer, held a balance of just over $1 million.




                                                48
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 49 of 112




Those funds were combined with an additional $13.9 million transferred from other SPV Entities

and, the following day, were used to fund a $36.9 million payment due to Onset.

               108.    The following summarizes additional details and facts related to the SPV

financing Scheme.

               3.      The Inventory or Equipment Supposed to Generate the Cash to
                       Perform Under the SPV Financings Was Inadequate for That Purpose

               109.    Based on our review of the SPV structure, my team and I determined that

the SPV Entities could not have performed under the SPV Facilities utilizing the inventory or

equipment they purportedly purchased as contemplated by the transactions. The SPV Facilities

were nominally structured as inventory and equipment financing arrangements in which an SPV

Entity would purportedly “purchase” inventory or PP&E from the FBG Debtors and then deploy

those assets in one of two ways: as collateral for a loan, or in a purported sale-leaseback transaction

in which the SPV Entity would sell the assets to an SPV Lender and then make purported “lease”

payments to the SPV Lender for the continued use of the assets. The SPV Entity, however, would

not have had sufficient assets or liquidity under the economic terms of the SPV Facilities to service

their obligations and maintain their borrowing base. This is because the value of the collateral

(typically inventory, but in the case of Onset, also PP&E) purchased from the FBG Debtors by the

SPV Entity was insufficient to generate the requisite returns to both maintain the collateral and

repay the principal plus interest and fees as required under the SPV Facilities.

               110.    An example is the Onset Facilities. Under the sale-leaseback transactions

(the “Onset Sale-Leaseback Transactions”), Carnaby Inventory IV would purportedly purchase

inventory from the FBG Debtors at fair value using funds advanced by Onset, sell those same

assets to Onset, and then lease the assets back from Onset in exchange for monthly payments that

were to be generated from the SPV’s sales of inventory back to the FBG Debtors (presumably also




                                                  49
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 50 of 112




at the same fair value). These proceeds had to be enough to both purchase a new batch of equally

valuable inventory from the FBG Debtors and service the Onset debt. An example illustrates how

the proceeds would not be sufficient to do this: the SPV Entity receives funds (e.g., $100 million)

from Onset, purchases in this example $100 million in inventory from FBG at fair value, and must

then sell $100 million worth of that inventory for a price equal to another $100 million worth of

replacement inventory and debt service (at interest rates in the high-double and triple digits—

including as high as approximately 200%—in stark contrast to normal asset-based lending

arrangements, which in my experience carry interest rates closer to 6% in today’s market).

               111.    The Onset Facilities also featured a sale-lease back of PP&E whereby the

SPV Entity (Carnaby FA) would obtain funds from Onset to pay FBG for equipment, assign it to

Onset and then lease it back under a schedule that required the SPV Entity to pay Onset the original

amount plus significant interest and fees. For its part, the FBG entity was permitted under the

transaction documents with Onset to continue to use the equipment for no consideration. Thus, on

day 1, the FBG entity had the cash from Onset for the equipment and had use of the equipment for

no consideration, while the SPV Entity had the repayment obligation with zero source of income

with which to pay Onset’s ongoing fees and interest. In other words, the Carnaby FA entity had

no means whatsoever to perform any of its obligations to Onset based on the economic structure

as written by Onset and Edward James. Instead, the economic burden to pay Onset fell entirely

on the FBG Debtors, although their operating business could not sustain it either. See supra ¶¶ 59,

75–78.

               112.    The remaining SPV Facilities saddled the relevant SPV Entity with

obligations they could not satisfy for similar reasons. Each such SPV Entity would have had to

purchase inventory with the principal amount of the loan from FBG for fair value, but then sell




                                                50
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 51 of 112




that same inventory back to FBG for much greater value in order for the SPV Entity to generate

sufficient cash to both purchase replacement inventory and service the debt. Notably, the SPV

Entities were not direct or indirect subsidiaries of the FBG Debtors and instead were affiliated

entities outside the FBG corporate structure under the indirect control of FBG’s managers, Patrick

and Edward James. Accordingly, the transfers between these entities should have been made at

arm’s length and for fair value. However, the structure of the SPV loans would not allow the SPV

Entities to satisfy their obligations through arm’s length transactions with the FBG Debtors for fair

value.

               113.    The transaction structure also did not provide any means for the SPV

Entities to fulfill applicable obligations to maintain or finish their inventory. As an example, for

Carnaby II and III, the SPV Entities were obligated to incur certain costs in converting raw

inventory into finished goods. A&M estimates that converting the raw materials into finished

goods suitable for sale would have required a significant amount of additional cash. The SPV

Entities had no source of funding with which to satisfy these obligations, the payment of which

was made exclusively by the FBG Debtors.

               114.    The SPV Entities also had no customer relationships of their own, meaning

they were wholly reliant on selling 100% of the transferred inventory back to the FBG Debtors at

a significant margin in order to finance debt service and purchase replacement inventory.

However, the FBG entities would only have cause to re-purchase the inventory if it was being sold

to third parties. The transaction structure did not account for significant portions of SPV inventory

that could have been or became excess or obsolete. For example, through our analysis of the

purported CarVal SPV inventory, A&M learned that a significant portion of the inventory was

potentially excess and/or obsolete, suggesting that it was materially overvalued on the balance




                                                 51
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 52 of 112




sheet. This inventory was never written down on the SPV Entities’ books and records, and there

was no means by which this excess and obsolete inventory could have been sold by the SPV

Entities to satisfy their obligations to the SPV Lenders.

               4.      The SPV Entities Did Not Operate as Independent Entities and the
                       Contemplated Purchases and Sales of Inventory or Equipment
                       Between the SPV Entities and FBG Was Not Followed in Practice

               115.    My team also determined that, in the prepetition period, the SPV Entities

failed to observe corporate formalities and did not in fact operate as discrete corporate entities.

They held no genuine board meetings, adopted no resolutions, had no employees of their own, and

were uncapitalized entities whose employees and managers overlapped with the management of

Patrick James’ other entities, including FBG.         What limited functions the SPV Entities

performed—producing monthly borrowing base certificates, maintaining rudimentary books and

records, and executing follow-on asset purchase agreements—were carried out by FBG employees

(or employees of other entities controlled by Patrick James).

               116.    Instead, the SPV Entities functioned as “way stations” for in-transit cash.

In many cases, the SPV Entities immediately transferred incoming lender funds to Bowery, except

for approximately $207 million, which was diverted to the Patrick James Trust, discussed below,

where the funds were commingled with accounts receivable collections, SCF proceeds, and funds

from other Patrick James-affiliated accounts. In substance, the SPV Entities served as financing

conduits rather than independent entities. Based on the transactions reviewed, the SPV Entities

generally received and paid funds to and from lenders, transferred funds to and from Bowery, other

SPV Entities, Viceroy, and indirectly, FBG. Structuring the cash flows in this manner avoided

direct transfers between SPV Lenders and FBG and reduced scrutiny from FBG’s preexisting

creditors by making it more difficult to trace the ultimate source and destination of the funds.




                                                 52
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 53 of 112




               117.    The A&M team also found that the SPV Entities often failed to follow the

terms of their relevant deal documents. In many instances, the purported sellers under the asset

purchase agreements never received the stated purchase price. For example, the SPV Entity

Carnaby II received over $47 million from SPV Lender CarVal in June 2022, ostensibly to

purchase raw materials from Brake Parts Inc LLC (“BPI”), yet there is no record of Carnaby II

transferring those funds to BPI. The majority was instead transferred to First Brands Group, LLC.

In September 2022, Carnaby II received another approximately $3 million under the CarVal

Facilities. Carnaby II transferred those funds to Viceroy, which in turn sent the funds to Bowery

as part of a larger transfer, before Bowery finally transferred the funds to First Brands Group, LLC.

Similarly, Carnaby III received over $80 million from CarVal in July 2022, ostensibly to purchase

raw materials from Trico, yet there is no record of any direct transfer of those funds to Trico; the

majority was promptly transferred to First Brands Group, LLC. The same pattern held for the

Onset advances. In connection with Onset Lease Schedule 025, which was an $85 million advance

for which the FBG Debtor FRAM Group Operations LLC (“FRAM”) was the designated

counterparty, A&M traced $81.6 million into the SPV Entity Carnaby IV, of which $15 million

was transferred to the Patrick James Trust and $66.6 million to Bowery, which in turn distributed

the funds among the five FBG operating sites in accordance with the allocation percentages in the

Bowery Splits file. FRAM—the entity that was supposed to be selling the inventory and receiving

the funds—was never sent any portion of the advance. In another case, on March 28, 2024, Broad

Street, an SPV Entity, received approximately $43.7 million in funding from the SPV Lender

Aequum. That same day, Broad Street sent $900,000 of the funds to Helios (as defined below),

and the remaining $42.8 million to Bowery, which then transferred the funds to FBG operating

entities in accordance with the Bowery Splits.




                                                 53
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 54 of 112




               118.   The SPV Entities’ own financial records were also not maintained

consistently with the purported deal structure. For example, the general ledgers of Carnaby II and

III reflect an initial entry increasing inventory at the purported “purchase date” in mid-2022, but

no subsequent increases to inventory for purchases of additional raw materials or manufacturing

costs, and no subsequent decreases to inventory for purported sales of finished goods back to BPI

or Trico. Instead, inventory was reduced monthly solely to reflect monthly debt service payments

to SPV Lender CarVal (funded by various entities controlled by Patrick James, including FBG),

not on account of any actual inventory sales or other asset transfers. The general ledgers for

Carnaby II and Carnaby III reflect ending inventory balances of $25.1 million and $53.8 million,

respectively, as of the Petition Date, with all changes from 2022 reflecting only debt service

payments rather than any actual transfers of inventory.

               119.   Additionally, SPV Entities failed to document the expected ongoing

transactions with FBG entities for the ongoing transfer of inventory and/or equipment. In most

instances, the SPV only recorded the initial purported sale between the SPV Entities and the FBG

Debtors. For example, with respect to the Onset SPVs, although the Onset Sale-Leaseback

Transactions contemplated ongoing purchases of replacement inventory and corresponding sale

agreements, none of these follow-on agreements were entered into, and the books and records of

the FBG Debtors and the Onset SPVs do not reflect any true sales of inventory or PP&E.

Moreover, the inventory and PP&E purportedly “sold” to the SPV Entities was generally not

removed from the FBG Debtors’ balance sheet or borrowing bases. The same collateral that the

SPV Entities reported as their own also remained pledged to FBG’s preexisting lenders.

               120.   The SPV Entities also do not appear to have maintained accurate records of

their purported property as distinct from that of the FBG Debtors. Using Carnaby II and III as an




                                                54
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 55 of 112




example, the usable raw materials related to the initial 2022 transactions would have long since

turned over in the ordinary course of manufacturing, yet there is no record in Carnaby II and

Carnaby III’s books and records of replacement inventory being purchased, manufactured, or sold

consistent with the transaction structure contemplated by the agreements between Carnaby II and

III and FBG. Moreover, BPI’s and Trico’s own books showed essentially level inventory balances

throughout this period, without any evidence of the initial 2022 transactions or any subsequent

periodic transactions with Carnaby II or Carnaby III—and none of the inventory purportedly sold

to Carnaby II or Carnaby III was ever removed from the books of BPI or Trico.

                 121.   With respect to the Evolution Facilities, a review of the borrowing bases the

Evolution SPVs provided to Evolution suggests that those SPVs also failed to maintain accurate

records of their own inventory, distinct from the FBG Debtors. My team conducted a SKU-level

comparison of the Evolution borrowing base certificates against a third-party audit of the same

inventory balances as of May 3, 2025. That comparison revealed only a 1% match between the

inventory reported on the Evolution borrowing bases and the actual inventory in the books and

records of the physical locations used to prepare the audit—records my team understands to

accurately reflect inventory at those locations. By contrast, the borrowing bases provided to the

ABL lender (BAML) by the FBG Debtors for the same, arguably double-pledged, inventory

showed a 95% match with the inventory files provided for the audit, with over 99% of SKUs

matching and quantities reconciling to within a 2% variance. This indicates that the Evolution

SPVs submitted borrowing base certificates bearing little if any relation to the inventory actually

on the ground.

                 5.     Alleged Double Pledging

                 122.   Andy Brumbergs admitted under oath that, between approximately 2020

and 2025, he and others misrepresented the nature and existence of collateral pledged to



                                                 55
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 56 of 112




off-balance-sheet lenders, including by failing to disclose that the collateral had already been

pledged to lenders. (Brumbergs Plea at 29.)

               123.   A&M’s analysis of lender inventory claims by location confirms that

multiple locations and business units had inventory purportedly pledged to multiple lenders

simultaneously—including overlapping claims among Onset, Evolution, CarVal (with respect to

BPI and Trico Mexico), and the ABL Secured Parties. A SKU-level comparison of the Evolution

borrowing base at assignment against BAML’s borrowing base support for the surrounding months

revealed that the Evolution-assigned SKUs were highly correlated with the BAML borrowing base

certificates—that is, the same inventory support was used for both lenders—and there is no

evidence that the Evolution-assigned SKUs were ever removed from the BAML borrowing base.

Similarly, Onset’s location-level inventory listings show numerous locations with clear

double-pledging with lenders, which becomes even more apparent upon review of the detailed

perpetual inventory records.

               6.     Improper Disclosure and Concealment

               124.   My team also determined that, because the SPV Entities were affiliates

under the shared control of Patrick and Edward James, and because the FBG Debtors received the

loan proceeds and were practically obligated to repay the SPV debt (or risk losing inventory or

equipment essential to its business), the SPV Facilities were required to be disclosed on FBG’s

financial statements. In light of the extensive financial misstatements, double pledging, and

practical obligations incurred by the FBG Debtors in connection with the SPV loans, FBG may

have been required to consolidate their financial statements with the SPV Entities in light of the

ongoing Scheme. Even if consolidation were not required, however, a detailed disclosure of the

SPV loans and FBG’s related obligations and pledged collateral would be required. However,

these obligations were not disclosed in any of the financial statements since 2022, when SPV



                                               56
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 57 of 112




transactions began. For example, FBG’s financial statements did not disclose the Onset debt, the

relationship with Onset itself, or even the existence of the Onset SPVs. Interviews with FBG’s

corporate accounting staff uncovered that staff were instructed by Andy Brumbergs not to disclose

the existence of the SPV Entities to FBG’s auditors. And in July 2025, a senior executive falsely

represented to lenders that First Brands had “no off-balance sheet financing” involving “special

purpose entities” and that “all related party relationships” were fully disclosed—by which time

First Brands had incurred approximately $2 billion in undisclosed off-balance-sheet debt through

the SPV Entities.

               125.   The movement of money was likewise engineered to avoid detection by

FBG’s lenders. My team’s work showed that loan proceeds from the off-balance-sheet lenders

were typically routed through Bowery and then split across FBG operating entities using a file

called “Bowery Splits” at consistent but arbitrary, pre-determined percentages, so that the funds

would appear to be ordinary customer receipts rather than related-party loan proceeds. For

example, in a December 2024 financing, approximately $41.5 million advanced under the Aequum

Facility was routed through Global Assets, then approximately $41 million was transferred to the

Bowery Account, and then this amount was split across five FBG operating entities using the

Bowery Splits file. On a daily basis, the cash balance in the FBG operating entities’ accounts was

swept to FBG corporate.

               126.   FBG’s payments to the SPV Lenders were disguised in a similar manner.

FBG employees were prohibited from paying the SPV Entities directly from FBG entities. Instead,

as payments to the SPV Lenders came due, FBG financial executives created fake invoices—

apparently untethered to any actual goods or services—from CI Supply, LLC (“CI Supply”), an

entity affiliated with Patrick James, and routed payment through the third-party bill processor




                                               57
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 58 of 112




NextProcess to Carnaby I (another SPV belonging to Patrick James), which then forwarded the

funds to the SPV Entities that had debt payments due. This served to evade related-party

disclosures and obscure the Company’s true leverage.           In one representative example, a

$58,926,662 interest payment traveled from FBG through NextProcess to Carnaby I, then to

Carnaby Inventory IV, and finally to Onset—in the identical amount at each step. First Brands’

leadership even put the rule in writing: in a February 2025 email, a member of First Brands’

leadership confirmed that FBG could route funds to the Onset SPVs via NextProcess or through

Bowery, but “[n]ever FBG direct to Car[naby].”

               127.    In his plea allocution, Andy Brumbergs admitted that, between

approximately 2020 and 2025, he and others misrepresented the nature and existence of collateral

pledged to off-balance-sheet lenders, and further admitted that, from approximately 2022 to 2025,

he agreed to structure cash transfers to conceal the source of proceeds obtained from

off-balance-sheet lenders by dividing them into smaller amounts sent to multiple company-owned

accounts. (Brumbergs Plea at 30).

               7.      Evidence Concerning “Red Flags” to SPV Lenders

               128.    There is significant evidence concerning information available to all SPV

Lenders prior to the Petition Date which pointed to the existence of financial irregularities related

to the SPV Facilities. These red flags would have given rise to many relevant questions, including

why would FBG utilize a structure where the collateral would not generate sufficient value to

perform under the loans? Why were special purpose entities utilized in the first place? Why were

they (and the SPV financing debt) not disclosed in FBG’s financials? Was FBG attempting to

conceal secured debt from its pre-existing lenders? Why did FBG require so much cash? Why

didn’t FBG draw down on its existing ABL Credit Agreement? What was the true purpose or

intended use for the funds and how would FBG legitimately generate cash to repay them?



                                                 58
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 59 of 112




               129.    These red flags should have been evident to SPV Lenders considering

information readily available including, for example, as discussed above, the fact that the SPV

Entities could not satisfy their obligations under the SPV Facilities based on the economics of the

deals as written.

               130.    Moreover, as discussed above, the control by Patrick James given his prior

litigation related to falsified financial data (and mysterious lack of public information about him),

should have been troubling, and, for the reasons stated, FBG’s financial statements raised

additional red flags as well (e.g., unusually high level of reported profitability, a large number of

acquisitions of companies with far less profitability, and a disconnect between the profit and loss

statement and cash flow statements).

               131.    The transaction documents themselves also included obvious warning

signs, although the specific deficiencies varied by lender. In some cases, the initial purchase

agreements through which the SPV Entities purportedly acquired inventory contained no set

purchase price and no schedule of assets. For example, the initial transaction whereby the CarVal

Lenders funded the purported purchase of inventory on behalf of Carnaby II and Carnaby III from

the relevant FBG Debtors included purchase agreements that were executed but contained no

purchase price and no schedule of assets or inventory. In addition, the initial borrowing base

certificates provided to the CarVal Lenders actually predated the applicable Purchase Agreements,

raising the question of how Carnaby II and Carnaby III obtained the inventory listed in the

aggregate on those borrowing bases in the first place. Similar circumstances exist for Aequum:

the Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Aequum Lenders funded Broad Street’s purported

initial inventory purchase included a schedule of assets that did not adequately describe the

inventory such that any individual piece of inventory could be uniquely identified for subsequent




                                                 59
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 60 of 112




sale by Broad Street back to the relevant FBG Debtor—and every subsequent purchase agreement

provided to Aequum included an inventory schedule containing the same flaw, begging the

question of how Broad Street would be able to actually sell or purchase specific inventory items

without any identification of them beyond generic descriptions and SKU numbers. There were

also consistent discrepancies between the schedules to the purchase agreements Aequum received

on a monthly basis and Broad Street’s borrowing base certificates: for example, the purchase price

set forth in the schedules differed from the value of the in-kind exchange listed on the borrowing

base, and in other instances the purchase price set forth in the schedules differed from the inventory

purchased with additional advances on the corresponding borrowing base without any evidence

that additional advances were actually made. For Evolution, the warning signs existed in the dearth

of appropriate transaction documentation itself. Although the Evolution Credit Facilities

contemplated a repeating cycle in which the Evolution SPVs would buy inventory from the FBG

Debtors, sell inventory back to the FBG Debtors, and purchase replacement inventory to maintain

a borrowing base—with each step to be documented using the forms of purchase and sale

agreements attached to the credit documents—my team at A&M was able to locate only two

executed Master Origin Sale and Exchange Agreements (one each for Patterson and Starlight), two

associated sale schedules, and a single executed Destination Sale Agreement (between Starlight

and BPI) across all of the Evolution SPVs; no executed Destination Sale Agreement was located

for Patterson at all. And as for the agreements that were to be used when the Evolution SPVs

purportedly bought replacement inventory from the FBG Debtors, my team was unable to identify

even one such purchase agreement—nor any invoices evidencing purchases of replacement

inventory by Patterson or Starlight—and the books and records of the FBG Debtors, Patterson,




                                                 60
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 61 of 112




and Starlight likewise do not reflect any purchases or sales of replacement inventory to or from

each other.

               132.    The SPV Entities’ borrowing base certificates were generally facially

deficient and internally inconsistent. Inventory was tracked only by generic SKU numbers that

could continuously turn over, and there is no evidence that the SPV Lenders ever received

confirmation that the FBG Debtors or the SPV Entities recorded inventory using unique identifiers

that would enable the tracking of purchases and sales of the specific items the SPV Entities

purportedly owned—making it effectively impossible to determine which inventory belonged to

which entity, and thus whether the SPV Entities owned any particular item of inventory at all.

With respect to CarVal, for example, across the more than seventy borrowing base certificates

delivered over a three-year period, not one identified even a single item of inventory as ineligible,

and—despite the FBG-Carnaby Agreements purporting to involve continuous purchases and sales

of particular pieces of inventory—not one reflected any purchase of inventory into, or sale of

inventory out of, the borrowing base, reporting instead only end-of-month gross inventory

balances. The certificates also consistently listed obviously incorrect prior-period gross inventory

balances that did not match the prior period’s certificate. The certificates likewise reflected

significant, unexplained month-over-month increases in reported inventory: in April 2024, for

example, the reported inventory balance increased to $109 million from $82 million in the prior

month—a 33% increase in a single month—without any documentation of corresponding

inventory purchases. With respect to Evolution, the borrowing base certificates were simply

unreliable and did not reflect actual business activity recorded in the Debtors’ business systems:

when my team compared the inventory data utilized by the audit firm that conducted a May/June

2025 audit of Evolution’s purported net inventory balances (which data was consistent with the




                                                 61
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 62 of 112




Company’s perpetual inventory reporting system) against the corresponding borrowing base

certificate data provided to Evolution for the same period, we determined that nearly all of the

SKU-level quantity and pricing data had been altered from what was reported in the Companies’

books and records. In some cases, the purported borrowing base or purchase price also exceeded

the funding actually extended to the SPV Entities, without any explanation of how an

undercapitalized SPV could properly acquire assets in excess of its funding amount. Patterson and

Starlight, for example, purportedly agreed to purchase inventory from the FBG Debtors for stated

purchase prices of approximately $180.2 million and $185.8 million, respectively—payable in

cash, in kind, or by subordinated note—yet the SPVs held no inventory with which to make an in-

kind exchange, no subordinated note was ever located, and First Brands Group received only

approximately $119.8 million and $105 million in connection with those purported purchases,

materially short of the stated purchase prices. These deficiencies would have been readily apparent

had the SPV Lenders actually conducted diligence related to the transfers—indeed, the borrowing

base certificates themselves show the unexplained month-over-month increases and

inconsistencies described above.

               133.   The SPV Entities also had no employees of their own, and, although an

independent manager was appointed at Carnaby II, Carnaby III, and Broad Street, the remaining

managers overlapped with management of Patrick James’ other entities, including First Brands

Group, LLC, the transaction documents were signed by the same overlapping personnel, and A&M

has found no evidence of board meetings, resolutions, or other functions undertaken by the

managers. What limited functions the SPV Entities performed—producing monthly borrowing

base certificates, maintaining rudimentary books and records, and, in the case of Broad Street,

executing follow-on asset purchase agreements to provide to Aequum—were carried out by FBG




                                                62
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 63 of 112




employees, as would have been evident to the SPV Lenders, who dealt only with FBG employees

and managers to conduct business with the SPV Entities. Nor did the SPV Entities actually and

effectively maintain segregated cash accounts: monies flowing from Aequum into Broad Street,

for example, were disbursed to a cash pooling account used by several other special purpose

entities, where they were swept and distributed to a number of entities (none of which was the

supposed seller of inventory under the initial asset purchase agreement), and the SPV Entities

received inflows from seemingly random entities for the purpose of making interest payments to

their financing counterparties. Likewise, in the case of Evolution, the FBG entities never made

direct transfers of cash to Patterson or Starlight (and vice versa); instead, invoices were issued by

a different Patrick James-controlled entity to BPI, cash was paid through a payment processor to

Patterson or Starlight, and Patterson or Starlight then round-tripped essentially the same funds

back to BPI through another James-controlled entity (Bowery), usually on the same date—round-

trip transfers that do not correspond to the inventory levels shown on Evolution’s borrowing base

certificates and that appear to have been undertaken solely to generate bank statement activity for

disclosure under the Evolution Credit Facilities.

               8.      Additional Red Flags Concerning the Onset Facilities and Issues
                       Concerning Misleading FBG’s Existing Lenders

               134.    In addition to the general red flags available to all SPV Lenders, Onset had

access to still more troubling information. Edward James was an officer of FBG and the Onset

SPVs, and the only party representing these entities in discussions with Onset. After the initial

SPV Facilities were negotiated and executed between Onset and Edward James in the summer of

2022, Edward James became one of Onset’s financing partners in the Onset SPV Facilities. Upon

Edward James investing in the SPV Facilities, the interest rates jumped to triple digits (from ~25%

in May 2022 to ~200% in December 2022), and they remained higher than the initial rates for over




                                                 63
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 64 of 112




30 transactions over the next three years. This was at a time when FBG had ABL capacity

available at single-digit rates.

                135.    In each new lease schedule over this time period, Edward James was the

sole representative for FBG and the SPV Entities across the table from Onset in deals in which

Edward James personally profited from above market terms provided to Onset. Edward James

therefore sat on both sides of the Onset Sale-Leaseback Transactions and his interests were in

direct conflict to those of FBG and the Onset SPVs, a fact that was known to Onset at the time.

As the senior FBG and SPV executive who negotiated and controlled the Onset Sale-Leaseback

Transactions, Edward James simultaneously served as the Debtors’ representative and as Onset’s

own funding partner. Edward James policed all communications, instructing Onset to exclude

other officers and employees of the Company, and declared that “ALL [such] communications

[from Onset] go through me ALONE.” Interviews with FBG Debtors’ staff after the Petition Date

indicated that, when concerns were raised about certain onerous terms, they were specifically

instructed that First Brands does not comment on Onset’s documents.

                136.    I understand that neither Onset nor FBG engaged outside counsel to

document the transactions; that Onset obtained no true-sale opinion or other opinion of counsel as

to the structure; and that Onset conducted limited diligence.

                137.    The debt-service burden was also unreasonably high: approximately

$200 million per month in 2025 for the Onset SPVs alone. And Onset, which held FBG’s audited

financials, was aware of the on-balance sheet $5–6 billion in funded debt FBG also had to service.

                138.    I understand Onset admittedly received and reviewed FBG financial

statements, and therefore Onset knew or should have known that those statements did not disclose

Onset, the SPV Entities, or any of the debt owed to Onset. Onset could have nonetheless attempted




                                                64
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 65 of 112




to take steps to perfect its ownership or lien interest by disclosing the Onset Facilities via filing of

UCC-1 statements against the FBG Debtors that held the inventory and equipment over which it

claimed an interest. There is evidence that Onset discussed filing UCC-1s against FBG in

connection with the Carnaby Inventory IV transaction in July 2022, but Edward James instructed

Onset not to do so. I understand that Onset did not file UCC-1s naming the FBG Debtors from at

least 2022 to just before the bankruptcy. Apparently aware of this issue, Onset then attempted to

file UCC-1s mere weeks before the filing of these cases against FBG Debtors, including First

Brands Group, LLC; Horizon Global Company LLC; Horizon Global Americas, Inc.; Trico

Technologies Corporation; Eagle Casting, LLC; Toledo Molding & Die LLC; and Walbro LLC.

               9.      Transfers to SPV Lenders

               139.    My team’s review identified substantial preferences and transfers made

pursuant to the Scheme with respect to each of the four SPV Lenders. As of the Petition Date, the

Company owed more than $2.3 billion in off-balance-sheet financing obligations incurred through

the four SPV Facilities: the CarVal Facilities, the Aequum Facility, the Evolution Facilities, and

the Onset Facilities. The following summarizes the Debtors’ transfers in furtherance of the

Scheme by SPV Lender.




       E.      Insider Misconduct

               140.    As discussed above, Patrick James and other members of former

management caused the FBG Debtors to incur billions of dollars in liabilities in order to conceal

the FBG Debtors’ actual financial performance and their Scheme. In addition, Patrick James



                                                  65
       Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 66 of 112




diverted some of the proceeds of that financing from the FBG Debtors for his and his family’s

personal benefit.

               141.    My A&M team traced estate funds from First Brands bank accounts to

Patrick James, entities under his control, including, among others, the Patrick James Trust, and to

third parties which used the funds for the personal benefit of Patrick James and his family. That

tracing identified more than 1,400 separate transfers totaling at least approximately $966 million

from 2021 to 2025, with the majority of such transfers by value occurring between 2023 and 2025,

and continuing until days before the Petition Date. Aside from entries in the Company’s general

ledger, the A&M team found no ordinary-course documentation indicating that the payments

constituted legitimate dividends, tax distributions, or payments for services.

               142.    The vast majority of the funds, totaling approximately $708 million,

including over $229 million in 2025 alone, were transferred to Patrick James or his family trust.

For example, on April 5, 2022, Patrick James’ Chief of Staff emailed Andy Brumbergs that James

“want[ed] a $10M tax distribution paid to him this week”; three days later, First Brands transferred

$10 million to the Patrick James Trust. In January 2024, internal communications reflected that

James “wanted to have the distribution funds sent” to two Patrick James Trust accounts in batches

of $21 million and $4 million; First Brands distributed $25 million to the Patrick James Trust that

same day. And in October 2024, Brumbergs indicated he had been “instructed to make a

$25 million USD distribution” to a Patrick James Trust account, which First Brands paid that same

day.

               143.    At the time the transfers were made, the transferor entities lacked sufficient

surplus, net profits, or distributable capital to lawfully authorize dividends or distributions under

applicable law, and the transfers rendered or contributed to the transferor’s insolvency. My team’s




                                                 66
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 67 of 112




tax analysis independently corroborates this conclusion. Under the First Brands Group Holdings,

LLC Agreement and the Company’s first-lien, second-lien, and ABL credit agreements, First

Brands was restricted from making distributions other than permitted tax distributions. Patrick

James, through his ownership of Mayfair, Aztec Corporation, and Brake Parts, received

$378 million of purported tax distributions from 2019 through 2024—yet under the calculation

methodologies prescribed by the Credit Agreements and the FBGH LLC Agreement, the allowable

amounts were only approximately $142 million and $169 million, respectively. Accordingly, my

team estimates that James received an overpayment of approximately $209 million to $236 million

on account of tax distributions alone, a portion of which had been reclassified in the general ledger

from restricted equity distributions to tax distributions.

               144.    Moreover, my team and I confirmed that, to the extent tax distributions may

have been permitted in any amount under the Credit Agreements and the FBGH LLC Agreement,

such tax distributions are allowed to reimburse members (which all ultimately flowed up to Patrick

James) for tax payments on their share of allocated income. Here, where the allocated income was

manufactured as part of the Scheme, no tax distributions would be permitted to the extent the

Company was actually in a net taxable loss position. This calls into question whether Patrick

James was entitled to any tax distribution during these periods, indicating that every tax

distribution was an impermissible component of the Scheme.

               145.    My team also determined that James commingled First Brands’ business

accounts with personal funds, including through the non-Debtor Bowery described above, and

used the Debtors’ funds for personal use.          From 2018 to 2025, First Brands transferred

approximately $38 million to Larchmont, LLC, James’ family office. Although these payments

were mostly characterized as “management fees,” our work shows that Larchmont did not provide




                                                  67
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 68 of 112




services to First Brands; indeed, when an auditor asked what services Larchmont provided in

exchange for the fee, a senior member of the accounting team replied simply: “Patrick James.”

               146.    There is evidence James directed these transfers to be made. For example,

on April 12, 2021, Andy Brumbergs told a member of the finance team that James “wants the

entire Q2 amount paid today,” and First Brands transferred $1.25 million to Larchmont that day.

First Brands also has paid the salaries, benefits, and compensation of Larchmont’s family-office

employees (both directly and through Larchmont’s vendor, Consociate Group LLC); rent, utilities,

and related housing expenses for James’ personal New York City townhouse through MRRDISON

LLC, together with associated furniture leasing, realtor, moving, and storage expenses;

approximately $455,000 to James’ private celebrity chef; security and “intelligence” services

routed through CTC International Group, Inc.; personal automotive and transportation services

paid to Carcorp USA; personal IT services paid to Banshee Computer Consulting Corp.; and

financial advisory and wealth-management services paid to Sequoia Financial Group, LLC and its

CEO, Thomas A. Haught—who simultaneously served as trustee of the Patrick James Trust.

               147.    Payments were also made from First Brands to Battery Park Holdings LLC,

an entity 100% owned by James, as purported reimbursement for James’ expenses. The A&M

team found that more than $18 million was transferred from First Brands to Battery Park from

2019 to 2025 to pay James’ and his family’s personal expenses, including approximately $150,000

for a “celebrity” personal trainer and hundreds of thousands of dollars for personal travel, security,

and transportation. Our team found evidence that James orchestrated both the amounts and timing

of these transfers—for example, Larchmont employees advised First Brands in July 2022 that

“Patrick has asked that we invoice weekly,” submitted an invoice for more than $400,000 in

October 2022 with the instruction that, “Per Patrick, this should be paid tomorrow,” and in March




                                                 68
        Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 69 of 112




2025 indicated that James had requested that a $468,000 invoice be “paid this week if possible.”

Patrick James also directed that his associates submit invoices for reimbursement which

commingled personal and business expenses, such as an August 2023 Battery Park invoice seeking

over $110,000 in reimbursement for a six-week “Southampton hotel” stay for two individuals who

worked for James personally, and at times directed employees to “recode” charges so that Battery

Park’s expenses would be reimbursed by First Brands.

                148.   The A&M team also determined that steps appear to have been taken to

conceal these payments: in January 2025, rather than pay a $1.7 million Battery Park invoice

directly, Brumbergs arranged for the funds to be routed first to SPV Debtor Patterson Inventory,

LLC through a third-party payment processor, and Patterson then transferred the funds to Battery

Park.     Even the First Brands employees who processed these invoices did not have full

transparency; in March 2024, an employee submitted a $412,000 invoice on behalf of James’

family office with no detail as to its contents, stating that Battery Park would no longer provide

detailed invoices and that any necessary detail would be provided directly to Brumbergs.

                149.   The team further found that intellectual property purportedly was

transferred out of the Debtors and into Alester Technologies LLC, a non-Debtor entity under

Patrick James’ control.     In connection with First Brands’ acquisitions of Horizon Global

Corporation (“Horizon”), Cardone Industries, Inc., and TAE Brakes, LLC, the acquired entities

executed agreements purporting to contribute intellectual property portfolios to Alester for no

corresponding consideration to First Brands. First Brands subsidiary Carter Carburetor Holdings,

LLC executed a similar agreement. Alester then purportedly licensed certain of that intellectual

property back to First Brands at a 3.5% royalty on net sales, and a total of at least $34 million was

transferred from First Brands to Alester through a third-party payment processor on account of




                                                 69
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 70 of 112




these purported “royalty” obligations. My team confirmed that the Horizon IP purportedly

contributed to Alester was never removed from Horizon’s books and records; that Alester recorded

approximately $20.9 million and approximately $14 million of Horizon “royalty” income on its

2023 and 2024 profit-and-loss statements, respectively; that internal FBG communications

confirm the “Boss” (that is, Patrick James) directed FBG to pay Alester’s invoices; and that, among

other transfers, $7 million of the “royalty” funds Alester received was subsequently transferred to

the Patrick James Trust as a purported loan repayment.

               150.   Significant additional transfers totaling in the millions of dollars were made

from First Brands to Albion Realty, LLC, James’ real estate holding company, including payments

made directly by First Brands subsidiaries Champion and FRAM. Although purportedly lease

payments, our team concluded that the value of these transfers far exceeded the reasonable value

of any purported lease.

               151.   Between 2022 and 2025, First Brands also transferred over $1 million,

including through ASC, to Pegasus Aviation, LLC, Patrick James’ personal aircraft company.

               152.   My team has also identified additional payments made by the Debtors to

other James-affiliated entities and service providers—including SA Eagle Holdings LLC, LJ

Aviation, Archive Health LLC (a company associated with James’ son-in-law), Hanover Realty

LLC, and 705 North Fayette Street LLC—that may warrant further investigation by the Litigation

Trustee.

               153.   As further described below, James also extracted value from the Debtors in

connection with acquisitions, including through the FRAM/Autolite and “Winning” company

acquisitions identified by the Examiner. James further diverted personnel, operational capacity,

and value to non-Debtor entities he owned, including through Global Technologies’ 2025




                                                70
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 71 of 112




acquisition of Novares and the solicitation of FBG employees, which prompted a cease-and-desist

letter from the Debtors’ counsel in October 2025.

                154.    My team also found that the insider transfers were not limited to funds taken

directly from the FBG Debtors’ accounts. Approximately $207 million was diverted from the SPV

Entities doing business with Onset to the Patrick James Trust, notwithstanding that those funds

were contractually required to flow to the designated FBG sellers under the applicable transaction

documents. Specifically, A&M’s tracing identified transfers from Onset-funded SPV Entities to

the Patrick James Trust as described above. Supra ¶¶ 116–117. In the aggregate, A&M’s tracing

identified approximately $236.5 million redirected from SPV Lender fundings to Patrick James

and his affiliated entities.

                155.    Payments flowing from Patrick James appear to have been for the purpose

of preventing discovery of the Scheme. Patrick James and his affiliated entities transferred

approximately $222.6 million to the SPV Entities—transfers that were timed to debt-service due

dates rather than to any inventory transactions, and that enabled the SPV Entities to make interest

payments to the SPV Lenders and sustain the Scheme. My team’s tracing identified approximately

$592 million in direct and indirect payments from the Patrick James Trust to Debtor entities

between September 2022 and the Petition Date, where we believe these inflows were to prevent

defaults under SPV and factoring obligations as they came due. A&M’s cash tracing indicates that

some of these payments appear to be funded by FBG Debtors, funneling money through Patrick

James entities to disguise the existence of the SPV Entities.

                156.    I further understand that, in connection with the off-balance-sheet

financings, Edward James received millions of dollars in purported commission fees for brokering

one of the inventory financings from an entity called Helios.




                                                 71
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 72 of 112




               157.    My team uncovered evidence that Patrick James caused the FBG Debtors

to acquire entities that James already owned or controlled, typically through holding companies,

at prices that appear to greatly exceed the value of the underlying assets. In each instance, after

the acquisition closed, a senior First Brands executive directed the accounting department to

retroactively inflate the recorded value of the acquired assets in an effort to justify the purchase

price, notwithstanding that the underlying assets had not changed. My team has identified the

following acquisitions of James-affiliated entities as suspect:

•   Eagle Machining, LLC. Eagle Machining was established under SA Eagle Holdings, LLC,
    which was in turn owned by Viceroy, an entity indirectly owned by Patrick James. In October
    2021, Eagle Machining acquired the fixed assets of ZF Active Safety US for approximately
    $8.5 million (which had been appraised at approximately $15.4 million). These were the sole
    assets of Eagle Machining. On November 15, 2024, First Brands purchased Eagle Machining
    for approximately $65 million—representing an overpayment of at least $49.6 million above
    the appraised value, and a markup of $56.5 million above the original purchase price.
    Thereafter, a senior First Brands executive instructed members of the accounting department
    to retroactively adjust the value of Eagle Machining’s assets from approximately $8.9 million
    to approximately $39.9 million to justify the purchase price, despite no change in the
    underlying assets.

•   Eagle Castings, LLC. Eagle Castings, a subsidiary of Bond Street Asset Management (an
    entity owned by James), acquired the foundry operations of R.H. Sheppard Co. Inc. on April
    28, 2023 for approximately $12.5 million. Eagle Castings then sold these assets to SPV Entity
    Carnaby FA for approximately $100 million on October 27, 2023. These assets were never
    transferred back to Eagle Castings. Nevertheless, on December 6, 2024, First Brands
    purchased Eagle Castings for approximately $156 million, representing an overpayment of at
    least $143.5 million above the original acquisition cost. A senior First Brands executive
    instructed the accounting department to retroactively adjust the value of Eagle Castings’
    property and equipment from approximately $17.1 million to approximately $69.9 million,
    despite no change in the underlying assets.

•   Dalton Corporation. On November 13, 2023, Ignite Acquisition Sub, LLC, a subsidiary of
    Patrick James’ entity Ignite Acquisition Holdings, acquired the Dalton Corporation from New
    Dalton Foundry for approximately $45 million. Dalton was later sold to First Brands over the
    course of two transactions in December 2024 for a total of approximately $267 million,
    representing an overpayment of at least $222 million above the original acquisition cost. The
    sale proceeds were distributed to Alester Technologies LLC, an entity indirectly owned by
    Patrick James. Thereafter, the same senior executive instructed the accounting department to
    retroactively adjust the value of Dalton’s assets to justify the purchase price.




                                                 72
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 73 of 112




               158.   In each case, the financial statements provided to lenders failed to disclose

that the acquired entities had been purchased from entities under Patrick James’ control.

Moreover, the funds that First Brands paid in these acquisitions were routed to the Bowery Account

and then transferred back to First Brands operating entities, where the receipt of incoming cash

was used to remove aged and uncollectible accounts receivable from First Brands’ balance sheet

and thereby avoid a negative impact on its reported profit and loss. This had the effect of

concealing the deterioration of the Company’s receivables.

               159.   My team and I also confirmed that the FBG Debtors maintain two towers

of D&O coverage for the February 2025–February 2026 policy year which may be implicated by

certain Estate Claims against insiders. Under the Side A DIC tower, approximately $10 million

out of $100 million has been exhausted as of June 2026. Under the primary tower, approximately

$0 out of $100 million has been exhausted as of the same date. In total, the FBG Debtors have up

to $190 million in potentially available D&O insurance coverage to fund recoveries on these

claims. Actual coverage available to the FBG Debtors may ultimately be lower depending on the

number and size of covered claims made by other insureds under the policies.

               160.   The following chart summarizes distributions made to insiders in the one

year and four years periods preceding the Petition Date.




                                               73
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 74 of 112




       F.      Suspect Acquisitions Above Market Price

               161.    My team’s work also identified a series of transactions from 2022 to 2025

in which the FBG Debtors acquired business units at purchase prices that may have exceeded the

fair market value of the assets acquired. In general, these transactions appear to have only

worsened the Debtors’ already deteriorating financial condition, and may have been executed

primarily to fuel a false growth and profitability narrative and to provide additional sources of

collateral to obtain still more unsustainable debt financing as part of the Scheme.

               162.    Between 2022 and 2024, the FBG Debtors acquired at least ten business

units for an aggregate purchase price in excess of $1.6 billion. Of those ten business units, seven

proved unsellable in these chapter 11 proceedings and were ultimately liquidated for nominal

value, yielding just $35 million to date. The three business units that were sold as going concerns

(Horizon Global, Walbro, and TMD) together yielded going-concern sale proceeds of

$195 million, against a combined acquisition cost of more than $641 million. In short, the Debtors

have realized less than $250 million from the sale of businesses purchased for more than

$1.6 billion within just the last four years, a decline in value of approximately 85%. While the

intervening bankruptcy and the effects of prior management’s business practices have affected

underlying asset values to some degree, the recovery of less than fifteen cents on every dollar spent

on acquisitions completed within the last four years calls into serious question whether the FBG

Debtors received reasonably equivalent value at the time of those acquisitions. The following

chart summarizes the acquisitions made since 2022 and the value realized for those business units:




                                                 74
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 75 of 112




VIII. ADDITIONAL FINDINGS

               163.    The following details additional areas relevant to the Litigation Trust,

including (i) potential preferential transfers, (ii) payments to Helios, and (iii) BDO’s audit work.

       A.      Potential Preferential Transfers

               164.    A&M conducted an analysis of the Debtors’ books and records to identify

transfers made by the Debtors to or for the benefit of certain creditors on account of antecedent

debts during the applicable preference periods. As part of that analysis, A&M reviewed, among

other things, the Debtors’ accounts payable records, disbursements, bank statements, and vendor

payment histories to identify transfers made during the preference period, as well as the identity

of the transferee and the nature of the underlying obligation. As summarized below, A&M has

identified more than $1.7 billion of transfers made during the preference period. Net of potential

offsets, A&M estimates that preferences exceed $304 million.




                                                 75
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 76 of 112




       B.     Helios Strategic Advisors (“Helios”)

              165.    My team found that, during the course of the Scheme described above,

Edward James appears to have used Helios to funnel FBG Debtors’ funds to himself. Helios

purports to be an advisory firm and was purportedly retained to identify and arrange sources of

funding for the FBG Debtors in exchange for fees. In that capacity, Helios was responsible for

arranging SPV funding arrangements, as well as certain of the arrangements (especially

extensions) with certain pre-existing factoring counterparties, including Katsumi. On the

transactions it brokered, Helios collected a fee from First Brands, and between June 2022 and

August 2025, First Brands sent Helios 45 payments totaling $27.5 million.




                                              76
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 77 of 112




              166.    Helios was also apparently paid by Katsumi for its role in the factoring

extensions, based on agreements between Katsumi and First Brands that set aside a total of

approximately $52.4 million for Helios. For example, a March 28, 2023 agreement between

Katsumi and First Brands authorized Katsumi to pay Helios a 1.5% fee for the expansion of the

accounts receivable program. The agreement noted that “[t]he balance of the fees,” $6,710,526 of

which was earmarked for Helios, “will be paid from the next purchase, which is anticipated to be

on March 31, 2023.” On March 31, 2023, Katsumi Servicing, LLC sent First Brands a payment

of $37,703,750, with the description: “For First Brands 3-31-23 Funding Less Helios.”

              167.    My team also uncovered an agreement between Helios and Edward James’

family office entity Optimus Private Capital (“Optimus”), under which Optimus was purportedly

entitled to half of any commissions received by Helios. In addition, my team has uncovered

evidence that in late 2023, Edward James, through his entity Optimus, became the sole investor in

Helios Credit Opportunity Fund I. Among other things, the A&M team identified an Excel file

maintained by Edward James tracking his personal investments, which reflects his interest in the

Helios fund, in the amount of approximately $20.5 million as of February 2025.

       C.     BDO

              168.    In 2021, First Brands’ senior leadership transitioned the external audit

engagement from Cohen & Company to BDO, because BDO was viewed as having “the most

unsophisticated audit process,” such that “[w]e can do what we want with these guys.”

(Examiner’s Report). BDO issued unqualified audit opinions on FBG’s financial statements

through 2024. The breadth and duration of the wrongful conduct described above raise significant

questions regarding the adequacy of BDO’s audit procedures and whether those procedures were

designed and performed in accordance with applicable professional auditing standards. Given the

pervasive nature of the alleged misconduct, the extent to which it affected numerous entities,



                                               77
      Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 78 of 112




transactions and reporting periods, and the volume of supporting documentation generated by

those activities, it is reasonable to expect that a properly planned and executed audit would have

identified indicators of fraud requiring expanded audit procedures and further investigation. BDO

received more than $4 million in fees from the FBG Debtors for the audits it conducted.

IX.    BANKRUPTCY CODE REQUIREMENTS FOR CONFIRMATION OF THE PLAN

                169.   I am aware that the FBG Debtors must demonstrate that the Plan satisfies

the requirements of section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code. Below I set out facts with respect to

certain of those requirements and the relevant events that have occurred in these chapter 11 cases

related to such requirements. Based on my understanding of the requirements of section 1129 of

the Bankruptcy Code, I believe that the Plan complies with each of the requirements and should

be confirmed.

       A.       Section 1129(a)(1): Plan Complies with All Applicable Bankruptcy Code
                Provisions

                       i.      Section 1122: Classification

                170.   The Plan provides for the following ten (10) Classes of Claims and

Interests: (i) Class 1 (Other Priority Claims), (ii) Class 2 (Other Secured Claims), (iii) Class 3

(Allowed Roll-Up Claims), (iv) Class 4 (First Lien Claims), (v) Class 5 (Second Lien Claims),

(vi) Class 6 (ABL Claims), (vii) Class 7 (General Unsecured Claims), (viii) Class 8 (Subordinated

Claims), (ix) Class 9 (Intercompany Claims), and (x) Class 10 (FBG Debtor Interests).

                171.   The classification structure of the Plan is rational. The Plan provides for

the separate classification of Claims and Interests based upon the different legal nature and priority

of such Claims and Interests, which classification generally tracks the FBG Debtors’ prepetition

capital structure and divides the applicable Claims and Interests into Classes based on the




                                                 78
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 79 of 112




underlying instruments, debts, or circumstances giving rise to such Claims and Interests. Within

a given Class, all Claims and Interests have the same or similar rights against the FBG Debtors.

               172.   I believe the FBG Debtors have a reasonable and permissible basis for the

differing classification of Claims because each Class of Claims is comprised of Claims arising

under different debt obligations and/or different facts and circumstances, which evidence their

different natures.

                      a)      Class 1 (Other Priority Claims). Class 1 is comprised of any Claim
                              other than an Administrative Expense Claim or a Priority Tax Claim
                              that is entitled to priority of payment as specified in section 507(a)
                              of the Bankruptcy Code. See Plan § 1.1.

                      b)      Class 2 (Other Secured Claims). Class 2 is comprised of any
                              Secured Claim, other than an Administrative Expense Claim, a DIP
                              Claim, a First Lien Claim, a Second Lien Claim, an ABL Claim, or
                              a Priority Tax Claim. Id.

                      c)      Class 3 (Roll-Up Claims). Class 3 is comprised of all Claims arising
                              from (i) the DIP Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document (as
                              defined in the DIP Credit Agreement), or (ii) the DIP Order and/or
                              any other applicable order of the Bankruptcy Court, in each case,
                              that are on account of the Roll-Up Obligations. Id.

                      d)      Class 4 (First Lien Claims). Class 4 is comprised of all Claims
                              arising from (i) the First Lien Term Loan Agreement, (ii) the Side-
                              Car Term Loan Agreement, or (iii) the DIP Order and/or any other
                              applicable order of the Bankruptcy Court that relate to the First Lien
                              Term Loan Agreement or the Side-Car Term Loan Agreement. Id.

                      e)      Class 5 (Second Lien Claims). Class 5 is comprised of all Claims
                              arising from (i) the Second Lien Term Loan Agreement, or (ii) the
                              DIP Order and/or any other applicable order of the Bankruptcy
                              Court that relate to the Second Lien Term Loan Agreement. Id.

                      f)      Class 6 (ABL Claims). Class 6 is comprised of all Claims arising
                              from (i) the ABL Credit Documents (as defined in the DIP Order)
                              or (ii) the DIP Order or any other applicable order of the Bankruptcy



                                                79
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 80 of 112




                              Court, in each case, that are on account of the ABL Obligations and
                              Cash Management Obligations (each as defined in the DIP Order)
                              and including all Secured Claims held by any ABL Secured Party
                              secured by any right of setoff of the holder thereof in accordance
                              with section 553 of the Bankruptcy Code. Id.

                       g)     Class 7 (General Unsecured Claims). Class 7 is comprised of
                              Claims (other than an Intercompany Claim or a Subordinate Claim)
                              that are neither secured by collateral nor entitled to priority under
                              the Bankruptcy Code or any Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court.
                              Id.

                       h)     Class 8 (Subordinated Claims). Class 8 is comprised of any Claims
                              that are subject to subordination under section 510(b) of the
                              Bankruptcy Code. Id.

                       i)      Class 9 (Intercompany Claims). Class 9 is comprised of any Claims
                               held by an FBG Debtor against another FBG Debtor arising before
                               the Petition Date. Id.
               173.    Finally, I believe the FBG Debtors have a reasonable and permissible basis

for the classification of Class 10, which is comprised of any Interests in the FBG Debtors and is

the only Class of Interests under the Plan.

                       ii.    Section 1123(a)(5): Adequate Means for Implementation

               174.    I understand that a chapter 11 plan must provide adequate means for

implementation to be confirmed.       I believe the Plan provides the requisite means for its

implementation through, among other things, (i) the implementation of the Plan Settlement and

Estate Claims Credit Bid Transaction and the DIP Collateral Trust Credit Bid Transaction, which

transfer the Litigation Trust Assets to the Litigation Trust and DIP Collateral Trust Assets to the

DIP Collateral Trust, respectively (Plan § 5.2), (ii) the establishment of the Litigation Trust and

the appointment of the Litigation Trustee to pursue and monetize the Litigation Trust Assets,

including the Estate Claims (Plan §§ 6.1, 6.10), (iii) the funding of the Litigation Trust with the

Litigation Trust Cash Funding and the Litigation Trust Class 1 Funding Contributions (Plan §§



                                                80
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 81 of 112




6.3, 6.4), (iv) the establishment of the DIP Collateral Trust and the appointment of the DIP

Collateral Trustee to pursue and monetize the DIP Collateral Trust Assets (Plan §§ 7.1, 7.5), (v) the

funding of the DIP Collateral Trust with the DIP Collateral Trust Funding (Plan § 7.3), (vi) the

foreclosure by the ABL Secured Parties on the ABL Collateral Assets and the transfer of such

assets to the ABL Collateral Trust (Plan §§ 4.6(b), 8.2), (vii) the establishment of the ABL

Collateral Trust and the appointment of the ABL Collateral Trustee to pursue and monetize the

ABL Collateral Trust Assets (Plan §§ 8.1, 8.4), (viii) provisions governing distributions to

creditors through the Litigation Trust Waterfall, DIP Collateral Trust Waterfall, and ABL

Collateral Trust Waterfall (Plan §§ 6.5, 7.4, and 8.3), (ix) the appointment of the Wind Down

Administrator to direct and control the wind down of the FBG Debtors’ estates and the Wind Down

Budget, which is reasonable and adequate for effectuating the Wind Down and completing the

Wind Down Administrator’s duties under the Plan (Plan § 5.7), (x) the appointment of the Claims

Ombudsman to perform a claims reconciliation and make distributions to holders of Class 3(b)

Litigation Trust Interests and adequate funding for such Claims Ombudsman (Plan § 5.2(g)),

(xi) procedures for resolving Disputed Claims (Plan § 5.2(g), Art. X),          (xii) procedures for

rejecting executory contracts and unexpired leases (Plan Art. XI), and (xiii) the FBG Debtor

Releases, Third-Party Releases, Exculpation, and the Plan Injunction (Plan §§ 13.4, 13.5, 13.6).

The foregoing will allow the FBG Debtors to consummate the transactions contemplated under

the Plan in accordance with the terms thereof.

       B.      Section 1129(a)(2): FBG Debtors are Proper Plan Proponents

               175.    To my knowledge, each of the FBG Debtors has complied with the

applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code throughout the chapter 11 cases.




                                                 81
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 82 of 112




       C.      Section 1129(a)(3): Plan is Proposed in Good Faith and Is Not by Any Means
               Forbidden by Law

               176.    The Plan has been proposed in good faith and for the legitimate purpose of

winding down and liquidating the estates of each FBG Debtor and distributing any remaining

proceeds in accordance with the Plan. The FBG Debtors engaged in extensive, arm’s-length

negotiations over the Plan with the Ad Hoc Group, the Creditors’ Committee, the ABL Secured

Parties and various other parties supporting the Plan, each of which is represented by experienced

and sophisticated legal and other advisors, and such negotiations were, at certain stages, with the

assistance of a mediator, the Honorable Marvin Isgur. I also believe the Plan preserves and

maximizes the value of the FBG Debtors’ remaining assets. Specifically, confirmation of the Plan

provides numerous key benefits for the FBG Debtors’ estates, including (i) allowing the estate to

maximize recoveries on account of its remaining assets, including the Litigation Trust Assets

(including the Estate Claims), DIP Collateral Trust Assets, and the ABL Collateral Trust Assets,

(ii) a substantial reduction in costs necessary to administer the estates, (iii) streamlined governance

(i.e., the Trustees and Wind Down Administrator), and (iv) $75 million in committed Litigation

Funding that will permit the full and unfettered prosecution of Estate Claims. See Plan § 6.3.

               177.    To the best of my knowledge, and based on my observations, the FBG

Debtors followed appropriate governance practices throughout the entire Plan negotiation and

approval process and, as such, the FBG Debtors have proposed the Plan in good faith.

       D.      Section 1129(a)(5): FBG Debtors Have Disclosed All Necessary Information
               Regarding Directors, Officers, and Insiders

               178.    The FBG Debtors have identified and disclosed the identity and affiliations

of the Wind Down Administrator, Alex Calderone of Calderone Advisory Group, LLC, and Claims

Ombudsman, Patrick A. Jackson, Esq. of Faegre Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP. See Plan

Supplement, Ex. 2., Ex.3. The FBG Debtors have also identified and disclosed that Gerard Uzzi



                                                  82
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 83 of 112




of Uzzi & Lall, a division of CBMN Advisors LLC, will serve as Litigation Trustee under the Plan.

See Plan Supplement, Ex. 4. The Plan Supplement provides the nature of the compensation of the

Litigation Trustee. See Plan Supplement, Ex. 4-C.

               179.    I believe the appointments of the Wind Down Administrator, Claims

Ombudsman, and Litigation Trustee are consistent with the interests of creditors and other parties

in interest in the FBG Debtors’ cases. Moreover, I believe the individuals selected to serve as

Wind Down Administrator, Claims Ombudsman, and Litigation Trustee are competent,

experienced professionals and well-equipped to assist with their respective roles.

       E.      Section 1129(a)(7): Plan Satisfies Best Interests Test

               180.    I am familiar with the Liquidation Analysis, the underlying financial and

asset data, and the assumptions upon which the Liquidation Analysis is based, which are described

in the Liquidation Analysis and notes thereto.

               181.    I understand section 1129(a)(7) of the Bankruptcy Code requires the Court

to determine that a chapter 11 plan provides, with respect to each impaired class of claims or equity

interests, that each holder of a claim or an equity interest in such class either (i) has accepted the

plan or (ii) will receive under the plan value that is not less than the amount that such holder would

receive if the debtors had liquidated under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code

(the “Best Interests Test”).

               182.    I analyzed whether the Plan satisfies the Best Interests Test. To complete

that analysis, the FBG Debtors, with the assistance of A&M and the FBG Debtors’ other advisors,

calculated the estimated recovery values for each Class of Claims and Interests under the Plan

upon disposition of the FBG Debtors’ assets pursuant to a hypothetical chapter 7 liquidation, as of

July 28, 2026 (the “Liquidation Date”).




                                                 83
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 84 of 112




               183.    This analysis assumes that in a hypothetical liquidation under chapter 7,

holders of DIP A Claims will seek to foreclose on the Estate Claims, including proceeds of the

Estate Claims (i.e., the Avoidance Proceeds), or otherwise purchase such collateral via credit bid

or cash. My analysis further assumes that a chapter 7 trustee would either consent to such a

foreclosure by the holders of DIP A Claims or otherwise sell such claims to such holders in an

amount that is substantially less than the outstanding balance of the DIP A Claims (~$1.35 billion),

and holders of DIP A Claims would take outright ownership of the Estate Claims without any

obligation to share proceeds with any other creditors. I understand that in a liquidation under

chapter 7, a chapter 7 trustee would receive up to a 3% fee on all distributions, including the

proceeds of the Estate Claims. With respect to the FBG Debtors’ remaining operating assets, my

analysis assumes that anticipated proceeds of the liquidation of such remaining operating assets

would be the same in chapter 7 as under the Plan, but the proceeds available for distribution to

creditors would be further reduced by chapter 7 trustee fees and professionals and other wind down

costs.

               184.    I, along with others at A&M and the FBG Debtors, then estimated the cash

distributions that these holders of Claims and Interests would receive in a hypothetical liquidation

under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code commencing on the Liquidation Date and compared those

distributions against potential recoveries under the Plan.

                       i.     Liquidation Analysis

               185.    The Liquidation Analysis represents an estimate of recovery values based

upon a hypothetical liquidation of the FBG Debtors and was prepared on an entity-by-entity basis

under the following assumptions if these chapter 11 cases are converted to chapter 7:

                   a) All assets of FBG Debtors (or proceeds thereof) are encumbered by liens.




                                                 84
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 85 of 112




                  b) In a chapter 7 liquidation, a chapter 7 trustee would not have access to any
                     unencumbered assets to finance the chapter 7 cases or adequately protect
                     any secured parties’ interests.

                  c) The DIP Secured Parties would foreclose on the Estate Claims, including
                     proceeds thereof, or purchase such collateral and own such claims outright,
                     with no duty to share with junior creditors.

                  d) Due to an inability to finance the prosecution of the Estate Claims, a chapter
                     7 trustee would either consent to the DIP Secured Parties’ foreclosure or
                     agree to a sale of the Estate Claims to the DIP Secured Parties via credit bid
                     or cash, for an amount substantially less than the amount of outstanding DIP
                     A Claims.

                  e) Any cash proceeds paid by holders of DIP A Claims are Avoidance
                     Proceeds and therefore are subject to liens of DIP Secured Parties and would
                     be used by the chapter 7 trustee to pay down the DIP A Claims, after
                     subtracting chapter 7 trustee fees.

                  f) Accordingly, no creditors besides holders of DIP A Claims will receive any
                     recovery on account of the Estate Claims in chapter 7.

                  g) Any assets subject to ongoing disputes are assumed to be owned by the FBG
                     Debtors and/or subject to the liens of the FBG Debtors’ secured creditors in
                     the Liquidation Analysis. But even if that were not the case, it would not
                     alter the conclusions of the Liquidation Analysis.

                  h) The amount of DIP A Claims would be substantially higher in a chapter 7
                     liquidation due to the continued accrual of interest.

                  i) With respect to the FBG Debtors’ remaining operating assets, such assets
                     would be liquidated in a chapter 7 for the same value as in a chapter 11, but
                     any creditor recoveries in a chapter 7 on account of such assets would be
                     reduced for costs of a chapter 7 trustee, the chapter 7 trustee’s professionals,
                     and other wind down costs.

              186.   Based on these assumptions and for the reasons set forth in the Liquidation

Analysis, in a hypothetical chapter 7 liquidation of the FBG Debtors’ assets commencing on or

about the Liquidation Date, holders of Allowed Roll-Up, First Lien, Second Lien, Administrative

Expense, Priority Tax, General Unsecured, Subordinated Claims, and FBG Debtor Interests would




                                                85
        Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 86 of 112




receive zero recovery on account of their Claims and Interests and therefore are not expected to

receive a greater recovery in a chapter 7 liquidation as compared to the Plan where recoveries are

possible for all such holders.

               187.    I understand that section 1129(a)(7) of the Bankruptcy Code is satisfied with

regard to holders of Claims in Classes 1 (Other Priority Claims) and 2 (Other Secured Claims) as

they are Unimpaired and thus, will be paid in full in cash under the Plan and can receive no less

payment under the Plan than they would receive in a chapter 7 case. I also understand that section

1129(a)(7) of the Bankruptcy Code is satisfied with regard to holders of Claims in Class 9

(Intercompany Claims), who would not realize any recoveries either under the Plan or in a chapter

7 case, and thus, will receive no less payment under the Plan than they would receive in a chapter

7 case.

               188.    The Liquidation Analysis demonstrates that, on both a consolidated basis

and a deconsolidated basis, each holder of an Allowed Claim will receive or retain under the Plan

on account of such Claim property of a value, as of the Effective Date, that is not less than the

amount that such holder would receive or retain if the FBG Debtors were liquidated under chapter

7 of the Bankruptcy Code. Therefore, it is my opinion that the Plan satisfies the “best interests”

test.

               189.    Moreover, even in a scenario where the DIP Secured Parties do not

foreclose on or otherwise acquire outright ownership of all the Estate Claims in a chapter 7, given

(among other factors) the lack of available liquidity, I believe that a chapter 7 trustee would

negotiate a settlement with the DIP Secured Parties to avoid the risks, length, cost and uncertainties

of litigation. I believe that any such settlement reached in chapter 7 would include terms and

conditions that are no better than the settlements and compromises included in the Plan, which




                                                 86
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 87 of 112




were the result of extensive arm’s-length negotiations with various stakeholders and creditors. The

compromises and settlements in the Plan resolve highly contentious disputes among the FBG

Debtors’ creditors on various issues. The litigation of these issues would be time consuming and

expensive. A chapter 7 trustee would have to spend time analyzing each of the plan issues resolved

by the compromises and settlements included in the Plan. I believe in this alternative scenario, a

chapter 7 trustee would determine that the compromises and settlements included in the Plan are

the most reasonable means to avoid protracted litigation of the various issues resolved by the Plan.

               190.    Even in this alternative scenario where a chapter 7 trustee successfully

negotiates the same compromises and settlements included in the Plan in a hypothetical chapter 7,

the FBG Debtors’ creditors would still recover less than they would under the Plan because all

recoveries will be materially reduced by the costs described above, including the 3% chapter 7

trustee fees, the chapter 7 trustee’s professionals’ fees, and other general inefficiencies and wind

down costs. Moreover, I understand that conversion to chapter 7 will likely be preceded by funding

of the Carve-Out (as defined in the DIP Order) with $25 million of cash from the Debtors’ balance

sheet, which will have the effect of reducing the amount of funds available for prosecution of the

Estate Claims by such amount and would likely require the chapter 7 trustee to seek additional

financing. In a scenario where a chapter 7 trustee is forced to obtain additional litigation funding,

junior creditors will be pushed further down the waterfall. Accordingly, I believe even under this

alternative scenario, each holder of an Allowed Claim will receive or retain on account of such

Claim less if the FBG Debtors were liquidated under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code than under

the Plan.

               191.    I believe the Liquidation Analysis is reasonable and incorporates justified

assumptions and estimates regarding the FBG Debtors’ assets and claims against the FBG Debtors.




                                                 87
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 88 of 112




In light of the foregoing, I believe that the Plan satisfies the requirements of section 1129(a)(7) of

the Bankruptcy Code.

          F.   Section 1129(a)(11): Plan is Feasible

               192.    For purposes of determining that the FBG Debtors will be able to satisfy the

conditions to effectiveness of the Plan, including payment of Allowed Administrative Expense

Claims and Allowed Priority Claims, the FBG Debtors, with the assistance of their financial and

legal advisors, analyzed and evaluated the asserted Administrative Expense Claims, Priority Tax

Claims, and Other Priority Claims. Since the beginning of these Chapter 11 Cases, I have overseen

the A&M team that has been directly involved with the Debtors’ postpetition operations. This

direct management, including regular discussions with the Debtors’ operations teams, vendors,

employees, and other advisors provides the basis for this team’s work in monitoring, analyzing,

and evaluating postpetition accounts payable, certain prepetition accounts payable (including

503(b)(9) claims and claims that may be entitled to priority status), and filed claims that may be

entitled to administrative priority status to provide the best estimate of all outstanding

administrative and priority claims against the FBG Debtors’ estates.           I have reviewed the

methodology used and the results of that work, and I rely on both to support my testimony set forth

herein.

               193.    As of June 26, 2026, the FBG Debtors’ good faith estimate of the total

amount of outstanding administrative expense claims against the FBG Debtors is approximately

$222 million. This estimated total includes (i) $147 million in unpaid administrative expense

claims incurred since the Petition Date on account of postpetition goods and services provided to

the FBG Debtors in the ordinary course (excluding Professional Fee Claims (which are secured by

the amounts escrowed in the Professional Fees Escrow Account), Restructuring Expenses, DIP A

Claims, Roll-Up Claims, Intercompany Claims, and Priority Tax Claims) (the “Postpetition



                                                 88
      Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 89 of 112




Administrative Expense Claims”), (ii) approximately $38 million of unpaid claims entitled to

priority pursuant to section 503(b)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code (the “503(b)(9) Claims”) and

(iii) an additional 20% cushion of the aggregated estimate of both Postpetition Administrative

Expense Claims and 503(b)(9) Claims.

                  194.     Additionally, as of the date hereof, the FBG Debtors’ good faith estimate of

the total amount of outstanding priority claims against the FBG Debtors is approximately

$78 million, including (i) approximately $65 million in Priority Tax Claims, plus (ii) an additional

20% cushion of $13 million on account of any additional amounts that constitute a Priority Tax

Claim (together with the Other Priority Claims, the “Priority Claims”), including any interest or

penalty charges asserted that may be entitled to priority.14

                           i.       The FBG Debtors’ Methodology for Estimating Administrative
                                    Expense and Priority Claims

                  195.     Since the beginning of these Chapter 11 Cases, the A&M team has been

directly involved in the Debtors’ postpetition operations, including through vendor communication

and management, analysis of relevant tax, employee, and other costs, and providing general

assistance to the personnel that run the Debtors’ businesses day-to-day. Throughout this process,

multiple team members from A&M have been on-site at the FBG Debtors’ corporate headquarters

and have worked closely with the FBG Debtors’ accounts payable group, tax group, and employees

on-the-ground at the FBG Debtors’ facilities across their business units.

                  196.     Through this hands-on process, my team amassed a detailed understanding

of the workings of the FBG Debtors’ invoicing process and has obtained the data necessary to

estimate the amount and validity of outstanding claims against the FBG Debtors. For purposes of



14
     The Debtors currently estimate that there are no outstanding, valid Other Priority Claims and dispute all Other
     Priority Claims that have been filed as of the date hereof.




                                                         89
      Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 90 of 112




determining that the FBG Debtors will be able to satisfy the conditions to effectiveness of the Plan

(including the payment of Allowed administrative and priority claims), the FBG Debtors and their

advisor teams reviewed this available data in light of my team’s detailed understanding of the FBG

Debtors’ operations to understand which of such outstanding claims may be entitled to priority

under the Bankruptcy Code.

                           a. Administrative Expense Claim Estimation Process.

                  197.     The FBG Debtors estimate the total amount of Administrative Expense

Claims that will be Allowed is approximately $222 million, as shown below:

        FBG Debtors’ Estimate of Administrative Expense Claims                                     Amount
 Postpetition Administrative Expense Claims                                                     $147 million
 503(b)(9) Claims                                                                               $38 million
     Plus 20% Cushion                                                                           $37 million
 Total Estimated Allowed Administrative Expense Claims15                                        $222 million

                  198.     Since A&M’s engagement prior to the Petition Date, my team and I have

been in frequent contact with the FBG Debtors’ accounts payable team as well as the managers of

the FBG Debtors’ facilities across their business units to review, verify, and coordinate payment

of outstanding invoices and charges asserted by vendors and suppliers. Both prior to and following

the Petition Date, the A&M team has frequently reviewed data aggregated from the FBG Debtors’

several enterprise resource planning systems, which my team has been able to access and review

at any time. The FBG Debtors’ accounts payable team, further, would escalate invoices, typically

on an aggregated basis, for A&M’s review once they came due by their terms, if product had—to

the best of the FBG Debtors’ accounts payable team’s knowledge based on their communications




15
     For the avoidance of doubt, the Debtors’ estimate of outstanding Administrative Expense Claims does not include
     any Administrative Expense Claim held by a Debtor or affiliate of a Debtor against an FBG Debtor, including,
     for the avoidance of doubt, any Administrative Expense Claims asserted by Longkou Haimeng Machinery Co.,
     Ltd. (“LHM”).




                                                        90
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 91 of 112




with management at the various business units—been received, or if invoices had been shifted to

“cash-in-advance” terms and required payment prior to the delivery of any goods.

               199.   To determine the amount of Administrative Expense Claims outstanding

against the FBG Debtors, my team worked directly with the FBG Debtors to create a detailed

accounting of the aggregated data of invoices and charges logged throughout these cases, including

obligations that accrued in the twenty-day period leading up to the Petition Date as well as

following the Petition Date (the “Aggregated Accounting”). Based on the invoice-level data

aggregated into the Aggregated Accounting, my team prepared the foregoing estimates of

(i) Postpetition Administrative Expense Claims and (ii) 503(b)(9) Claims on account of goods

actually received by the FBG Debtors in the 20 days leading up to the Petition Date (which I

understand may be entitled to administrative priority pursuant to section 503(b)(9) of the

Bankruptcy Code).

               200.   The Aggregated Accounting is not a recreation of the FBG Debtors’ existing

books and records, but instead, was assembled based on invoice-level detail and review of charges

potentially entitled to administrative or priority status. This work was performed by the FBG

Debtors postpetition, subject to oversight by my team.

                      b. Priority Claims Estimation Process.

               201.   The FBG Debtors estimate the total amount of Priority Claims that

ultimately will be Allowed is approximately $78 million, consisting of (i) $65 million in Priority

Tax Claims, plus (ii) an additional 20% cushion of $13 million on account of any additional

amounts that constitute a Priority Tax Claim:

                 FBG Debtors’ Estimate of Priority Claims                           Amount
 Priority Tax Claims                                                             $65 million
     Plus 20% Cushion                                                            $13 million
 Total Estimated Allowed Priority Claims                                         $78 million




                                                91
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 92 of 112




               202.    The FBG Debtors, in the ordinary course of operations, tracked outstanding

tax liabilities, customs charges, and other operational charges that may constitute Priority Tax

Claims or Other Priority Claims. The A&M team, under my supervision, coordinated directly with

the FBG Debtors and the FBG Debtors’ other advisors tasked with resolving issues related to

taxation (among others) to verify the accuracy of the FBG Debtors’ estimates of outstanding tax

and other charges that may be entitled to priority. In particular, the A&M team coordinated directly

with the FBG Debtors’ tax, trade, and legal teams (including Weil) to determine valid outstanding

Priority Tax Claims that were not duplicative or already paid.

               203.    Once this review was complete, this data was aggregated into the

Aggregated Accounting, which was used in part to estimate the amount of Priority Tax Claims and

Other Priority Claims outstanding against the FBG Debtors.

                       ii.    The FBG Debtors’ Methodology For Evaluating Filed Claims

               204.    The A&M team, under my supervision, has reviewed and carefully

evaluated all of the asserted claims that have been filed on the docket and the Claims Register (as

defined herein) in the FBG Debtors’ Chapter 11 Cases, including those claims asserted in the

Administrative Motions (as defined herein) (collectively, the “Filed Claims”). I have reviewed

the methodology used and the results of that work, and I rely on both in my testimony set forth

herein.

               205.    Based on A&M’s review, there is approximately $359 million in filed

Proofs of Claim asserting Administrative Expense Claims or Priority Claims, which includes

$11 million in filed Proofs of Claim asserting a Postpetition Administrative Expense Claim,

$103 million in filed Proofs of Claim asserting a 503(b)(9) Claim, and $245 million in filed Proofs

of Claim asserting a Priority Claim. In addition, $63 million in Administrative Expense Claims or

Priority Claims have been filed via motion on the docket.



                                                92
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 93 of 112




              206.    Nevertheless, I believe that the total amount of Allowed Administrative

Expense Claims and Priority Claims is approximately $222 million and $78 million, respectively,

as described herein. Based on A&M’s evaluation of the Filed Claims, I do not believe that the

Filed Claims accurately represent the aggregate amount of outstanding Administrative Expense

Claims or Priority Claims against the FBG Debtors because, among other things, a significant

amount of such claims are duplicative of other Filed Claims, are amended and superseded versions

of other Filed Claims, or are otherwise invalid. I believe that the aggregate amount of valid

Administrative Expense Claims or Priority Claims against the FBG Debtors is less than the

aggregate amount of the Filed Claims, and the subset of Filed Claims that likely constitute valid

claims against the FBG Debtors are already accounted for in the FBG Debtors’ estimates of the

total Allowed Administrative Expense Claims and Priority Claims based on the Aggregated

Accounting.

              207.    As part of this process, A&M evaluated the Filed Claims filed against the

FBG Debtors and compared them to the Aggregated Accounting.

                      a. Administrative Expense Claims Evaluation Process.

              208.    To analyze and evaluate the Administrative Expense Claims, A&M created

an extract of the Proofs of Claim pulled on July 6, 2026 reflected on the official register

(the “Claims Register”) of claims (the “Claims Register Extract”) at such time maintained by

Kroll Restructuring Administration LLC, the FBG Debtors’ claims, noticing, and solicitation

agent.

              209.    As reflected on the Claims Register Extract, as of July 6, 2026, there are

approximately (i) $11 million in asserted Postpetition Administrative Expense Claims and

approximately (ii) $103 million in asserted 503(b)(9) Claims.




                                               93
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 94 of 112




                210.   The A&M team analyzed and evaluated the Claims Register Extract to

identify asserted Administrative Expense Claims that are facially deficient and fall within the

broad category of claims that the FBG Debtors intend to object to. Based on the results of this

initial analysis and evaluation, the FBG Debtors identified a total of approximately (i) $8 million

in   asserted    Postpetition    Administrative     Expense      Claims   and   (ii) $15 million   in

asserted 503(b)(9) Claims that are—on an initial review—not facially deficient (but may be

subject to an objection or to further reduction by the FBG Debtors at a later date following further

analysis).

                211.   Although the amount of filed 503(b)(9) Claims, in particular, is much higher

than the Debtors’ estimate of $38 million, the vast majority in dollar amount of such filed claims

are duplicative or otherwise facially invalid based on the A&M team’s review. For example, three

different Proofs of Claim (Claim Nos. 1845, 1846, and 1960) assert the same 503(b)(9) Claim in

the amount of over $21 million by non-Debtor affiliate LHM, which the Debtors dispute, and

would account for more than $40 million in duplicated filed 503(b)(9) Claims even if it were valid.

The FBG Debtors intend to file objections to Administrative Expense Claims in the total aggregate

amount of approximately $57 million on account of (i) Filed Claims that are duplicates of, and

subsumed within, another Filed Claim or (ii) Filed Claims that have been amended and superseded

by subsequently filed claims. The FBG Debtors also anticipate objecting to approximately

$34 million in asserted Administrative Expense Claims including to claims asserting

administrative priority that do not qualify for that priority.

                212.   A&M compared all of the remaining Filed Claims (i) to which an objection

has not been or is not likely to be filed in the near term and (ii) that assert an Administrative

Expense Claim to the Aggregated Accounting. Because the FBG Debtors’ estimate of outstanding




                                                  94
      Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 95 of 112




Administrative Expense Claims is itself derived from that same Aggregated Accounting, matching

a Filed Claim to the Aggregated Accounting shows whether, and to what extent, the amount

asserted in that Filed Claim is already captured within the estimate. Based on that comparison,

A&M determined that such remaining filed Administrative Expense Claims are already accounted

for and included in the FBG Debtors’ estimate.

                  213.     My team, with the assistance of legal counsel, has also reviewed the

24 motions filed in the FBG Debtors’ Chapter 11 Cases as of July 12, 2026 asserting a

(i) Postpetition Administrative Expense Claim (the “Administrative Motion Claims”) or (ii) a

503(b)(9) Claim (the “Administrative Motion 503(b)(9) Claims”) against the FBG Debtors’

estates (the “Administrative Motions”).16 The A&M team compared the Claims asserted in each

Administrative Motion against the Aggregated Accounting.                      To the extent the information

contained in the Aggregated Accounting was consistent with an Administrative Expense Claim

asserted in a filed Administrative Motion, the FBG Debtors engaged the party that filed the

applicable Administrative Motion to stipulate to an amount of an Allowed Administrative Expense

Claim.

                  214.     I understand that the FBG Debtors, with the assistance of Weil and A&M,

have contacted all claimants that have filed an Administrative Motion and have resolved 10

Administrative Motions through consensual stipulations providing for allowance of a total of

$3 million in Administrative Expense Claims against the FBG Debtors.                             The amount of

Administrative Expense Claims Allowed pursuant to stipulations filed by the FBG Debtors is

included in the estimate of the total amount of outstanding Administrative Expense Claims against



16
     To the extent any of the Administrative Motion Claims were duplicative of other Filed Claims based on the Claims
     Register Extract, the A&M marked the filed Proofs of Claim in account of such claims as duplicative in their
     analysis.




                                                         95
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 96 of 112




the FBG Debtors. I understand that there are 14 pending Administrative Motions asserting a total

of $59 million in Administrative Expense Claims against the FBG Debtors, which remain

unresolved and for which no stipulation has been filed. The FBG Debtors anticipate entering

consensual stipulations for allowance of up to an additional $6 million in Administrative Expense

Claims asserted by the unresolved Administrative Motions, which such amount has also been

included in the FBG Debtors’ estimate of all outstanding Administrative Expense Claims against

the FBG Debtors. The FBG Debtors dispute at least $53 million in Administrative Expense Claims

asserted in the Administrative Motions and anticipate filing objections disputing such claims.

                215.     Based on this analysis, in total, the FBG Debtors estimate that excluding

Professional Fee Claims, Restructuring Expenses, DIP A Claims, Roll-Up Claims, Intercompany

Claims, and Priority Tax Claims, the total amount of Administrative Expense Claims that

ultimately will be Allowed is approximately $222 million.

                   Evaluation of Filed Administrative Expense Claims                        Amount
 Filed Postpetition Administrative Expense Claims (Based on Claims Register Extract)   $11million
 Administrative Motion Claims                                                          $59 million
 Filed 503(b)(9) Claims (Based on Claims Register Extract)                             $103 million
 Total Filed Administrative Expense Claims                                             $173 million
        Minus withdrawn claims                                                         $100,000
        Minus anticipated objections                                                   $144 million
        Minus pending settlements and stipulations                                     $6 million
 Total Evaluated Filed Administrative Expense Claims                                   $23 million
        Minus Claims Included in the Aggregated Accounting                             $23 million
 Filed Administrative Expense Claims Additive to Aggregated Accounting                 $0

                         b. Priority Claims Reconciliation Process.

                216.     A&M began with the extract of the Proofs of Claim filed on the Claims

Register Extract. As of July 6, 2026, the extract reflected approximately $245 million in asserted

Priority Claims, including approximately (i) $210 million in Priority Tax Claims and

(ii) $35 million in Other Priority Claims.




                                                      96
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 97 of 112




                 217.    The A&M team then analyzed and evaluated the Claims Register Extract to

identify facially deficient asserted Priority Claims, to which the FBG Debtors intend to object.

Based on the results of this initial analysis (which is ongoing), the FBG Debtors identified a total

of approximately $74 million in asserted Priority Claims, comprised of approximately

(i) $73.7 million in Priority Tax Claims and (ii) $200,000 in Other Priority Claims that are—on an

initial review—not facially deficient (but may be subject to an objection or to further reduction by

the FBG Debtors at a later date following further analysis).

                 218.    The FBG Debtors intend to file omnibus objections to filed Priority Claims

in the total aggregate amount of approximately $50 million on account of (i) Filed Claims that are

duplicates of, and subsumed within, another Filed Claim or (ii) Filed Claims have been amended

and superseded by subsequently filed claims. The FBG Debtors also anticipate objecting to

additional Priority Claims for approximately $121 million in asserted claims in the near term,

including with respect to Filed Claims asserting Priority Claims that do not qualify for priority

under the requirements of the Bankruptcy Code.

                 219.    A&M compared the remaining Filed Claims (i) to which an objection has

not been and is not likely to be filed in the near term and (ii) that assert a Priority Claim to the

Aggregated Accounting. Based on that comparison, A&M determined that such remaining filed

Priority Claims are already accounted for and included in the FBG Debtors’ estimate.

                 220.    Based on this analysis, in total, the FBG Debtors estimate that the total

amount of Priority Claims that ultimately will be Allowed is approximately $78 million.

                          Evaluation of Filed Priority Claims                        Amount
 Filed Priority Tax Claims (Based on Claims Register Extract)                $210 million
 Filed Other Priority Claims (Based on Claims Register Extract)              $35 million
 Total Filed Priority Claims                                                 $245 million
       Minus withdrawn claims                                                $200,000
       Minus anticipated objections                                          $171 million
 Total Evaluated Filed Priority Claims                                       $74 million




                                                       97
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 98 of 112



       Minus Claims Included in the Aggregated Accounting                     $74 million
 Filed Priority Claims Additive to Aggregated Accounting                      $0

                221.    Based on my supervision and review of the A&M team’s work, I believe

that A&M’s methodology for evaluating the Filed Claims is sound and that its results are reliable.

                        iii.    The FBG Debtors Do Not Anticipate Material Additional Claims
                                Will Be Filed

                222.    I do not anticipate that there are significant unaccounted for claims against

the FBG Debtors’ estates that, if asserted, would materially alter the FBG Debtors’ estimates of

outstanding Administrative Expense Claims or Priority Claims against the FBG Debtors’ estates.

                223.    For Postpetition Administrative Expense Claims, I do not believe additional

valid claims are likely to be filed against the FBG Debtors’ estates that are not encompassed by

the FBG Debtors’ claims estimates. First, the FBG Debtors are likely not incurring new significant

Postpetition Administrative Expense Claims because their operations have been shut down. The

vast majority of Postpetition Administrative Expense Claims have been asserted and/or are held

by vendors and suppliers of the FBG Debtors’ various business units which are all now

nonoperational. Since late January 2026, substantially all of the FBG Debtors’ aftermarket

operations ceased because the FBG Debtors no longer had any funds to continue any operations

not supported by the financing approved in connection with the OEM Funding Order. Following

the sales of the FBG Debtors’ Walbro, TMD, and Horizon business lines, substantially all of the

FBG Debtors’ remaining operations funded by the OEM Funding Order were transitioned to new

purchasers or began a wind down process.

                224.    Second, the FBG Debtors have been in frequent contact with their vendors

and suppliers throughout these Chapter 11 Cases, the largest of which—who are likely to hold the

largest Postpetition Administrative Expense Claims—are sophisticated parties with familiarity

with the claims-filing process typical of Chapter 11 Cases. Moreover, many of these vendors and



                                                    98
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 99 of 112




suppliers have shifted the FBG Debtors’ trade terms to “cash in advance” terms, requiring the FBG

Debtors to pay in advance for the shipment of any goods and effectively preventing any additional

Postpetition Administrative Expense Claims from being incurred.

               225.   Based on the foregoing, I believe the FBG Debtors’ exposure to their

vendors and suppliers with respect to additional Postpetition Administrative Expense Claims is

minimal.

               226.   Additionally, I do not believe additional 503(b)(9) Claims that may be

asserted against the FBG Debtors’ estates are likely to materially affect the FBG Debtors’ estimate

of outstanding 503(b)(9) Claims. The FBG Debtors will not incur any new 503(b)(9) Claims given

the Petition Date was over 9 months ago. In connection with the filing of the Emergency Motion

of Debtors for Interim and Final Orders (I) Authorizing Debtors to Pay (A) Critical Vendor

Claims, (B) Non-U.S. Vendor Claims, (C) Lien Claims, and (D) 503(b)(9) Claims, (II) Confirming

Administrative Expense Priority of Undisputed Outstanding Prepetition Orders, and

(III) Granting Related Relief (Docket No. 13) (the “Vendor Motion”), pursuant to which the FBG

Debtors sought to pay certain prepetition claims of vendors and suppliers (including

503(b)(9) Claims), the FBG Debtors performed an analysis of outstanding potential 503(b)(9)

Claims to determine the amount of relief to be requested in the Vendor Motion. Prior to the

winding-down of major components of their businesses, the FBG Debtors maintained frequent

contact with vendors and suppliers asserting significant 503(b)(9) Claims based on this analysis,

and the FBG Debtors engaged in frequent negotiations with respect to the amounts of such claims

to ensure continued shipment of goods to the FBG Debtors’ facilities.




                                                99
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 100 of 112




                  227.     In light of these facts, I believe the FBG Debtors’ estimate of outstanding

503(b)(9) Claims is accurate and additional material 503(b)(9) Claims are unlikely to be filed or

asserted against the FBG Debtors’ estates.

                           iv.      FBG Debtors Will Be Able to Satisfy All Allowed Administrative
                                    Expense Claims and Priority Claims Under the Plan

                  228.     I believe that the FBG Debtors will be able to make all required payments

under the Plan. I understand the Plan provides that Allowed Administrative Expense Claims and

Other Priority Claims will be paid in full in cash on the Effective Date and that Priority Tax Claims

will also be paid in full in cash on the Effective Date or within five (5) years of the Petition Date.

I further understand that, under the Plan, these Allowed Claims will be satisfied from the proceeds

of the Estate Claims transferred to the Litigation Trust. Based on the Litigation Trust Waterfall

set forth by the Plan, in order for the FBG Debtors to satisfy an estimated $222 million in

Administrative Expense Claims and an estimated $78 million in Priority Claims in full, the

Litigation Trust would need to obtain approximately $1.965 billion17 in proceeds.

                  229.     Based on my personal knowledge of the facts and the Kirschner

Declaration, I believe the Litigation Trust will generate sufficient distributable value (i.e., more

than $2 billion) to satisfy all such administrative and priority claims in full in cash, by the end of

2028.

                  230.     Therefore, I believe the FBG Debtors will be able to make all required

payments under the Plan, that the Plan will be consummated, and that the Effective Date will occur

by the end of 2028.




17
     This figure represents the recoverable proceeds required to satisfy all Administrative Expense Claims and Priority
     Claims, as well as the estimated fees of the advisors to the Litigation Trustee.




                                                         100
    Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 101 of 112




       G.      Sections 1129(a)(13): FBG Debtors Have Complied with Obligations Under
               Section 1114

               231.   Certain of the FBG Debtors maintain certain retiree benefit arrangements

(the “Retiree Benefit Arrangements”), including those provided under the First Brands Group,

LLC Health and Welfare Employee Benefit Plan (the “Welfare Plan”), which provide retiree

health and life insurance benefits to certain eligible former employees and their spouses and

eligible dependents through various sub-plans.

               232.   The Debtors are in the process of negotiating termination of the Retiree

Benefit Arrangements with the applicable unions (which represent union retirees) (the “Unions”)

and the committee of non-union retirees appointed by the U.S. Trustee (which represent non-union

retirees) (the “Non-Union Retiree Committee”), which I understand is required and governed by

section 1114 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Debtors are hopeful that a settlement with these parties

providing for the consensual termination of the Retiree Benefit Arrangements, among other terms,

will be reached by the proposed confirmation hearing on July 28, 2026. However, to ensure that

these discussions do not delay or prevent confirmation of the Plan on the timeline required by the

Confirmation Budget, the Debtors intend to file a motion seeking Court approval of termination

of the Retiree Benefit Arrangements and other related terms proposed by the Debtors solely to the

extent that a consensual agreement is not reached with the Unions and the Non-Union Retiree

Committee prior to the confirmation hearing. If necessary, the Debtors will be prepared to satisfy

their burden with respect to termination of the Retiree Benefit Arrangements at the confirmation

hearing.

       H.      Sections 1129(a)(14)–(16) and 1129(e): Inapplicable Provisions

               233.   The FBG Debtors are not subject to any domestic support obligations, no

Debtor is an “individual” as I understand that term to be used in the Bankruptcy Code, the FBG




                                                 101
     Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 102 of 112




Debtors are each a moneyed, business, or commercial corporation, and these chapter 11 cases are

not “small business cases.”

       I.      Section 1129(d): Principal Purpose of Plan is Not Avoidance of Taxes

               234.   The principal purpose of the Plan is not the avoidance of taxes or the

avoidance of section 5 of the Securities Act. Rather, the principal purpose of the Plan is to

maximize value of the FBG Debtors’ estate for all stakeholders and ensure an orderly wind down

of the FBG Debtors’ estates.

X.     PLAN RELEASES, EXCULPATION, AND INJUNCTION

       A.      FBG Debtors’ Releases

               235.   I understand that Section 13.5 of the Plan contains certain releases by the

FBG Debtors and their estates (the “FBG Debtor Releases”) that are (i) integral components of

the Plan, (ii) appropriate and necessary under the circumstances, (iii) are being provided in

exchange for valuable consideration, and (iv) are in the best interest of the FBG Debtors and their

estates. For these reasons and those set forth below, I believe that the FBG Debtor Releases are

reasonable and appropriate.

               236.   First, the FBG Debtor Releases are narrowly limited in scope to entities and

individuals who provided integral support and contributions to the FBG Debtors’ estates during

these chapter 11 proceedings. Notably, with the exception of the DIP Secured Parties, the

Prepetition Secured Parties, and the ABL Parties, the FBG Debtor Releases are limited to entities

and individuals who became involved with the Company or the FBG Debtors either (i) on or

around the Petition Date or (ii) during the pendency of these cases.

               237.   With respect to directors, officers, and management, the only such

individuals receiving the benefit of the FBG Debtor Releases are (i) Neal Goldman, William

Transier, and Benjamin Duster, in their capacities as members of one or more of the Special



                                               102
    Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 103 of 112




Committees or as Independent Managers of one or more the FBG Debtors, as applicable, and

(ii) the Specified Executives (i.e., myself and the other members of my team that served as Chief

Executive Officer, Chief Restructuring Officer, and Chief Financial Officer, as applicable, shortly

prior to the Petition Date or during the pendency of the chapter 11 cases). No other directors,

officers, management or other employees of the FBG Debtors are receiving releases from the FBG

Debtors and I understand that certain individuals are expressly carved out from the FBG Debtor

Releases under the Plan. See Plan § 1.1; Plan Supplement, Ex. 8.

               238.    With respect to professionals, the only firms and individuals that are

receiving the benefit of the FBG Debtor Releases are those that were retained by order of the

Bankruptcy Court in connection with the chapter 11 cases pursuant to specific sections of the

Bankruptcy Code, excluding any ordinary course professionals retained by the FBG Debtors and

the Examiner, as well as the professionals to the DIP Secured Parties and Prepetition Secured

Parties. No other professionals or advisors to the FBG Debtors, including those that were involved

in the prepetition conduct and affairs of the FBG Debtors, are receiving releases from the FBG

Debtors and, similar to former directors, officers, and management, I understand that certain

professionals are expressly carved out from the FBG Debtor Releases under the Plan.

               239.    Each of the directors, officers, management members and professionals that

will benefit from the FBG Debtor Releases has played a critical role in these chapter 11 cases.

These parties have helped shepherd the FBG Debtors through, among other things, disputes and

litigation with various parties asserting interests in the Debtors’ assets, liquidity issues and related

financing discussions with stakeholders, value-maximizing sale processes, multi-party mediations,

and the wind down of several of the Debtors’ business lines.




                                                 103
    Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 104 of 112




               240.    Specifically, since the inception of these chapter 11 cases, the FBG Debtors’

directors, officers, management members and professionals have (i) managed intense demands

associated with these chapter 11 cases, while maintaining the FBG Debtors’ operational duties,

(ii) sourced and negotiated critical complex financing facilities and liquidity arrangements with

various key stakeholders, including the DIP Secured Parties and the OEMs, to prevent a complete

and sudden shutdown of the FBG Debtors’ North American businesses, (iii) represented the FBG

Debtors in connection with various disputes and litigations with parties asserting interests in the

Debtors’ assets, including the Third-Party Factors and SPV Lenders, (iv) launched a sale process

for all or substantially all of the FBG Debtors’ assets, negotiated sale transactions for certain of

the Debtors’ business units, and sold several of the FBG Debtors’ business lines as going concerns

which preserved over 2,000 jobs and generated significant proceeds that were used to pay down

claims against the FBG Debtors’ estates, (v) conducted a prepetition investigation into potential

estate claims and causes of action, (vi) commenced an adversary proceeding against the Debtors’

founder and former CEO and affiliated parties to recover misappropriated funds, and commenced

an adversary proceeding against numerous defendants, including Onset and a former executive of

the Debtors, seeking to avoid billions of dollars of preferential and fraudulent transfers, among

other claims, (vii) reconciled prepetition accounts receivable and negotiated and developed

procedures with factoring counterparties to release unencumbered funds, and (viii) navigated a

variety of issues in respect of the Debtors’ ‘Rest of World’ businesses, including assisting with the

management and commencement of local insolvency proceedings in various jurisdictions.

Importantly, each of these parties was also instrumental in negotiating and reaching an agreement

on the Plan Settlement, which is an integral component of the Plan. Without the efforts of these




                                                104
    Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 105 of 112




parties, the FBG Debtors would not be seeking confirmation of the Plan and the chapter 11 cases

would likely have converted to cases under chapter 7 several months ago.

                 241.   Further, the FBG Debtor Releases contain certain limitations, including,

among other limitations and carve-outs, that they shall not be construed as releasing any party

from Claims or Causes of Action arising from an act or omission that is judicially determined by

a Final Order to have constituted gross negligence, willful misconduct, or actual fraud committed

by such party.

                 242.   Second, the third parties that are receiving the benefit of the FBG Debtor

Releases, including (i) the Creditors’ Committee, (ii) the Ad Hoc Group, the DIP Secured Parties,

the Litigation Trust Backstop Parties, the Litigation Trust Class 1 Funding Contributors, the DIP

Collateral Trust Funding Contributors, and the Prepetition Secured Parties (other than the ABL

Secured Parties) (collectively, the “Ad Hoc Group and Related Released Parties”), and (iii) the

ABL Parties have made a number of concessions either as part of the Plan Settlement or otherwise

during these chapter 11 cases that warrant their receipt of the FBG Debtor Releases in accordance

with the Plan.

                    a) Creditors’ Committee. The Creditors’ Committee engaged in good faith
                       and arm’s-length negotiations with the FBG Debtors, the Ad Hoc Group,
                       and other stakeholders regarding a consensual and value-maximizing wind
                       down of the FBG Debtors’ estates. These discussions culminated in the
                       Plan, which provides the FBG Debtors and their successors with a path to
                       make distributions to junior creditors (including administrative, priority,
                       and general unsecured creditors). As part of these negotiations, the
                       Creditors’ Committee made a number of concessions that were critical to
                       the parties reaching the agreements set forth in the Plan Settlement,
                       including, among other things, allowing the Challenge Period to expire on
                       upon consummation of certain transactions contemplated under the Plan.
                       The Creditors’ Committee has agreed to support confirmation of the Plan
                       pursuant to the Plan Settlement and provided the Creditors’ Committee
                       Position Letter indicating their support for the Plan which was included in




                                                105
Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 106 of 112




              the Solicitation Packages the FBG Debtors delivered to creditors entitled to
              vote on the Plan. The Creditors’ Committee has also been actively involved
              and provided support in other aspects of the Debtors’ chapter 11 cases,
              including in connection with the going concern and other value-maximizing
              sales the FBG Debtors pursued.

           b) Ad Hoc Group and Related Released Parties. The Ad Hoc Group and
              Related Released Parties have provided critical support to the FBG Debtors,
              without which the FBG Debtors likely would have been forced to convert
              their chapter 11 cases to chapter 7 cases (a result that would have been
              worse for creditors than the transactions contemplated under the Plan). At
              the outset of the chapter 11 cases, the DIP Secured Parties provided the FBG
              Debtors with $1.1 billion of new money financing under the DIP Facility
              and agreed to the consensual use of their cash collateral to allow the FBG
              Debtors to prosecute their chapter 11 cases for the benefit of all
              stakeholders. Of critical importance, members of the Ad Hoc Group have
              also agreed to (i) provide the FBG Debtors with the funding necessary to
              pursue confirmation of the Plan pursuant to the Confirmation Budget and
              (ii) provide the Litigation Trust with at least $75 million of critical funding,
              including (a) $25 million of cash from the FBG Debtors’ balance sheet from
              accounts holding the DIP Lenders’ cash collateral and (b) $50 million of
              new committed funding provided and backstopped by certain holders of
              DIP A Claims. Under the Plan Settlement, the Ad Hoc Group agreed to the
              Litigation Trust Waterfall which will allow junior creditors of the FBG
              Debtors to participate in recoveries from the Estate Claims, the proceeds of
              which are collateral of the DIP Secured Parties, prior to the satisfaction in
              full of the DIP A Claims and Roll-Up Claims. In addition, the DIP Secured
              Parties agreed to a number of other concessions that were critical to
              reaching an agreement on the Plan Settlement, including the minority
              governance rights granted to the UCC Member and the appointment of the
              Claims Ombudsman to serve as the holder of record of the Class 3(b)
              Litigation Trust Interests. The Ad Hoc Group has also been actively
               involved and provided support in other aspects of the Debtors’ chapter 11
              cases, including consenting to the going concern and other
               value-maximizing sales of DIP Collateral that the Debtors pursued.

           c) ABL Parties. The ABL Parties have made several concessions in these
              chapter 11 cases that warrant their release under the FBG Debtor Releases.
              In particular, the ABL Parties agreed to consensual priming of certain of
              their liens by the DIP Facility, as set forth under the DIP Order. In addition,




                                        106
    Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 107 of 112




                      the ABL Parties agreed to the consensual use of their cash collateral
                      pursuant to the terms of the DIP Order, which allowed the FBG Debtors to
                      prosecute these chapter 11 cases. With respect to the Plan Settlement,
                      similar to the DIP Lenders, the ABL Parties have allowed the FBG Debtors
                      to use up to $15 million of cash collateral pursuant to the Confirmation
                      Budget that will allow the Debtors to pursue confirmation of the Plan. The
                      ABL Parties have also been actively involved and provided support in other
                      aspects of the Debtors’ chapter 11 cases, including consenting to various
                      going concern sale transactions pursued by the Debtors that involved ABL
                      collateral.

               243.   Third, I understand that pursuant to the Court’s DIP Order, the FBG Debtors

already absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably released and forever discharged the DIP

Secured Parties and the Prepetition Secured Parties from any and all obligations and liabilities to

the FBG Debtors (and their successors and assigns) and from any and all claims, counterclaims,

demands, defenses, offsets, debts, accounts, contracts, liabilities, actions and causes of action

arising prior to the Petition Date. Therefore, pursuant to the Plan, the FBG Debtors are only

releasing postpetition conduct of these parties. In any event, the FBG Debtors (in addition to the

Examiner and the Creditors’ Committee, among others) have conducted an extensive investigation

that has not identified any potential claims or causes of action again the DIP Secured Parties and

the Prepetition Secured Parties. Additionally, absent the support of the DIP Secured Parties and

the Prepetition Secured Parties, the FBG Debtors would not have been able to secure the financing

and consensual use of collateral necessary to fund these chapter 11 cases and operate the FBG

Debtors’ business through confirmation.

               244.   Based on my experience as the Chief Restructuring Officer in various

chapter 11 cases, the FBG Debtor Releases are customary in transactions of this kind and are fair

and reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly, I believe that the FBG Debtor Releases are




                                               107
    Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 108 of 112




appropriate, in the best interest of the FBG Debtors and their estates, were made in good faith, and

should be approved.

       B.      Third-Party Releases

               245.    I understand that Section 13.5(b) of the Plan contains certain releases by

certain non-Debtor third parties, in favor of the Released Parties (the “Third-Party Releases”).

               246.    I understand that the Third-Party Releases are entirely consensual because

parties need to affirmatively opt in to the Third-Party Releases to grant such releases under the

Plan. I also understand that the Third-Party Releases contain limitations and carve-outs, including

that the Plan does not release any Released Party for Claims or Causes of Action arising from an

act or omission that is judicially determined by a Final Order to have constituted gross negligence,

willful misconduct, or actual fraud committed by such Released Party. The Third-Party Releases

are the product of extensive good-faith, arm’s-length negotiations and were a material inducement

for the Released Parties to support the Debtors and the Plan.

               247.    As noted above, the Released Parties have provided and continue to provide

(or will provide) integral support to the Debtors throughout these chapter 11 cases and have made

meaningful contributions to these chapter 11 cases. These efforts to date have been focused on,

among other things, maximizing value of the Debtors estate and have included, among other

things, (i) providing the funding necessary for the FBG Debtors to prosecute the Plan and avoid

conversion to chapter 7, (ii) engaging in discussions and agreeing to the compromises

contemplated under the Plan Settlement and other Plan provisions, and (iii) resolving disputes

among the Debtors’ various key stakeholders that allowed the FBG Debtors to sell several of their

business lines as going concerns and preserve over 2,000 jobs.




                                                108
    Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 109 of 112




                  248.   Accordingly, I believe that the Third-Party Releases are appropriate, in the

best interest of the FBG Debtors and their estates, were made in good faith, and should be

approved.

       C.         Exculpation

                  249.   I understand that Section 13.6 of the Plan contains an exculpation

(the “Exculpation”) that is (i) an integral component of the Plan, (ii) appropriate and necessary

under the circumstances, and (iii) in the best interest of the FBG Debtors and their estates. For

these reasons and those set forth below, I believe that the Exculpation is reasonable and appropriate

under the circumstances.

                  250.   The Exculpated Parties are limited to (i) the FBG Debtors, (ii) Neal

Goldman, William Transier, and Benjamin Duster, in their capacities as members of one or more

of the Special Committees or the Independent Managers of the FBG Debtors, as applicable, and

(iv) the Creditors’ Committee and each of its members in their official capacity. Importantly, the

Exculpated Parties (other than the FBG Debtors) include entities and individuals who became

involved with the FBG Debtors either (i) on or around the Petition Date or (ii) during the pendency

of these cases.

                  251.   In developing and approving the Exculpation, my team and I, along with

the Debtors’ other advisors, considered the fact that the Exculpation contained certain limitations,

including, among other limitations and carve-outs, that they shall not be construed as exculpating

any party from Claims or Causes of Action arising from an act or omission that is judicially

determined by a Final Order to have constituted gross negligence, willful misconduct, or actual

fraud committed by such party. Further, in approving the Exculpation, the Debtors’ advisors also

considered the work done by the FBG Debtors, the Special Committees, and the members of the

Creditors’ Committee to shepherd these chapter 11 cases through several complex and time-



                                                 109
    Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 110 of 112




consuming events, including the wind down of several of the FBG Debtors’ business lines,

financing and liquidity issues, sale processes, multi-party mediations, and disputes and litigation

with various parties asserting interests in the FBG Debtors’ assets. Importantly, each of the

Exculpated Parties was also instrumental in negotiating and reaching an agreement on the terms

of the Plan Settlement, which forms the basis of the Plan and provides the FBG Debtors with a

path to make distributions to junior creditors (including administrative, priority, and general

unsecured creditors).

               252.     Based on my experience as the Chief Restructuring Officer in various

chapter 11 cases, the Exculpation is customary in transactions of this kind and is fair and

reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly, I believe that the Exculpation is appropriate, in

the best interest of the FBG Debtors and their estates, was made in good faith, and should be

approved.

       D.      Injunction

               253.     As I understand is permitted by section 1123(b)(6) of the Bankruptcy Code,

the Plan includes an injunction provision in Section 13.4 (the “Plan Injunction”). I understand

the Plan Injunction will ensure that after the Confirmation Date parties in interest do not take

actions inconsistent with the Plan to the detriment of, and in a manner unfair to, other parties in

interest. The Plan Injunction is narrowly tailored and is necessary to effectuate the Plan’s release

and exculpation provisions, and to protect the Released Parties, including the FBG Debtors, from

potential litigation from creditors as the provisions of the Plan are implemented after the

Confirmation Date. Such litigation would hinder the efforts of the Trustees and Wind Down

Administrator to effectively fulfill their responsibilities as contemplated in the Plan and maximize

value for creditors. The Plan Injunction is integral to the Plan, is in the best interests of the FBG




                                                110
      Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 111 of 112




Debtors’ creditors, and I believe it is an appropriate exercise of the FBG Debtors’ business

judgment.

        E.     Timing for Plan Releases, Exculpation, and Injunction

               254.    Each of the FBG Debtor Releases, the Exculpation, and the Plan Injunction

will become effective in accordance with the Plan on the Confirmation Date in light of, among

other things, the anticipated timing for occurrence of the Effective Date. I also understand that the

timing for effectiveness of the FBG Debtor Releases on the Confirmation Date and the Third-Party

Releases on the Effective Date were a critical components of the Plan Settlement, without which

the FBG Debtors, the Ad Hoc Group, and the Creditors’ Committee would likely not have reached

an agreement on the Plan and the other terms of the Plan Settlement.

XI.     CAUSE EXISTS TO WAIVE ANY STAY OF THE PROPOSED CONFIRMATION
        ORDER

               255.    I understand that, in the event that the Plan is confirmed, Bankruptcy Rules

3020(e) and 6004(h) impose a 14-day stay of the effectiveness of the confirmation order unless

the Court orders otherwise. I believe that here it is appropriate for the Court to waive the stay and

allow the FBG Debtors to commence implementation of the Plan without delay. Each day the

FBG Debtors are delayed from implementing the Plan, they incur significant administrative and

professional costs—expenses that should be avoided in light of the ongoing wind down and

liquidation of the FBG Debtors’ estates. I therefore believe that a waiver of the 14-day stay under

Bankruptcy Rules 3020(e) and 6004(h) is in the best interest of the Debtors’ estates and will not

prejudice any party in interest.

                           [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]




                                                111
    Case 25-90399 Document 3188 Filed in TXSB on 07/14/26 Page 112 of 112




              I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct to the best

of my knowledge, information, and belief.

Dated: July 14, 2026
       Chicago, Illinois



                                     /s/ Charles M. Moore
                                     Charles M. Moore, Managing Director
                                     Alvarez & Marsal North America LLC




                                              112
